human capital was also considered as an additional
reference set for the Compensation Committee. The companies in each peer group are listed below. Unless otherwise specified, references in this Compensation Discussion and Analysis to peer companies include both the primary and the secondary peer
group companies.
Apple Inc. |
2017 Proxy Statement | 30
Table of Contents
In June 2015, the Compensation Committee selected the following companies for the
2016 primary peer group:
Amazon.com
Disney
Time Warner Cable
AT&T
eBay
Intel
Twenty-First Century Fox
Microsoft
Verizon
Cisco Systems
Facebook
Oracle
Viacom
Comcast
Google (now Alphabet)
Qualcomm
DIRECTV
Hewlett-Packard
Time Warner
The threshold revenue and market capitalization requirements for a company to be considered for
the primary peer group for 2016 were $15 billion and $35 billion, respectively. In addition, although each was slightly below the thresholds, the Compensation Committee decided to retain Viacom and CBS in the primary peer group for consistency with
the 2015 primary peer group. The Compensation Committee also decided to add Facebook to the primary peer group based on market capitalization, revenue similar to other companies in the primary peer group, and the fact that it competes with Apple for
talent. Following the spinoff of Hewlett Packard Enterprise in November 2015, the Compensation Committee continued to include HP Inc. (formerly Hewlett-Packard) and Hewlett Packard Enterprises in the 2016 primary peer group.
Based on the revenue and market capitalization criteria described above, Apple continues to be significantly larger than the
companies selected for the 2016 primary peer group, with 2016 revenue of $215.6 billion and market capitalization of $601.4 billion as of the end of 2016.
In the table above, revenue for primary peer group companies is the amount reported by each
company in its most recently filed annual report as of the Record Date, and market capitalization for primary peer group companies is the amount provided by Bloomberg L.P. as of September 23, 2016, the last trading day of Apple’s fiscal year.
The table includes Alphabet, HP Inc., and Hewlett Packard Enterprise. The table does not include DIRECTV, EMC, or Time Warner Cable, which either merged with or were acquired by another company before September 23, 2016.
Apple Inc. |
2017 Proxy Statement | 31
Table of Contents
In June 2015, the Compensation Committee selected the following companies for the
2016 secondary peer group:
Johnson & Johnson
American Express
Nike
Boeing
PepsiCo
Coca-Cola
Procter & Gamble
General Electric
The Compensation Committee reviews compensation practices and program design at peer companies to
inform its decision-making process so it can set total compensation levels that it believes are commensurate with Apple’s scope and performance. The Compensation Committee, however, does not set compensation components to meet specific
benchmarks as compared to peer companies, such as targeting salaries at a specific market percentile. The Compensation Committee believes that over-reliance on benchmarking can result in compensation that is unrelated to the value delivered by our
executive officers because compensation benchmarking does not take into account the specific performance of the executive officers or the relative size and performance of Apple. The Compensation Committee’s executive compensation determinations
are subjective and the result of the Compensation Committee’s business judgment, which is informed by the experiences of the members of the Compensation Committee as well as input from, and peer group data provided by, the Compensation
Committee’s independent compensation consultant.
Shareholder Feedback. We value the feedback provided by our shareholders and have discussions with many of them on an ongoing basis regarding various corporate governance topics, including executive compensation. Shareholders
are also provided the opportunity to cast an annual advisory vote on executive compensation. At Apple’s 2016 annual meeting of shareholders, shareholders indicated their support for the compensation of our named executive officers, with
approximately 95% of the votes cast on the say-on-pay proposal voted for the proposal. The design of the 2016 executive compensation program follows the same design as 2015. However, for 2017, the Compensation Committee has continued to evolve our
executive compensation program by changing the allocation of equity awards to our executive officers from 60% time-based and 40% performance-based RSUs to 50% time-based and 50% performance-based RSUs, thereby placing an even greater emphasis on
performance-based equity awards for our executive officers.
The Compensation Committee will continue to consider
shareholder feedback and the results of say-on-pay votes when making future compensation decisions.
2016 Named Executive Officer Compensation
Our executive compensation program is designed to be simple, effective, and link pay to performance, while reflecting the size,
scope, and success of Apple’s business, as well as the responsibilities of our executive officers. It incorporates elements that create shareholder value by driving financial performance, retaining a high-performing and talented executive team,
and aligning the interests of the executive team with the interests of shareholders. The main elements of the executive compensation program are:
Base salary
Annual cash incentive
Long-term equity incentives
Apple Inc. |
2017 Proxy Statement | 32
Table of Contents
The chart below shows target dollar values for the main elements of our named
executive officers’ 2016 compensation.
Tim Cook has not received an equity award since 2011
Cash Compensation Elements and Awards
Base Salary. Base salary is a customary, fixed element of
compensation intended to attract and retain executives. The Compensation Committee considers market data provided by its independent compensation consultant, internal pay equity among the executive officers, and Apple’s financial results and
market capitalization relative to the peer companies when setting base salaries. Taking these factors into consideration and in recognition of his individual performance and remarkable leadership, Mr. Cook’s base salary was increased to $3
million at the beginning of 2016. The base salary for each of our named executive officers, other than Mr. Cook, remained unchanged at $1 million for 2016.
Annual Cash Incentive. The Compensation Committee
approves, on an annual basis, a performance-based cash incentive opportunity for our executive officers based on the achievement of annual financial performance goals. For 2016, each of our named executive officers had a threshold annual cash
incentive opportunity of 100% of base salary, a target annual cash incentive opportunity of 200% of base salary, and a maximum annual cash incentive opportunity of 400% of base salary.
Net sales and operating income, as determined in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, were chosen as the
performance measures for the 2016 annual cash incentive opportunity because they reflect commonly recognized measures of overall company performance and are drivers of shareholder value creation. Payouts of the annual cash incentive are determined
based on an equal weighting for the net sales and operating income measures. There is no payout for a particular performance measure unless the threshold performance goal is achieved with respect to that measure. Payouts are calculated based on the
performance level achieved for each performance measure for 2016 and are linearly interpolated for achievement between the threshold, target, and maximum goals. The Compensation Committee may, in its discretion, reduce (but not increase) the actual
payout of any individual’s annual cash incentive based on Apple’s performance and the Compensation Committee’s subjective assessment of the named executive officer’s overall per