Corporate Responsibility and Compliance Committee and a member of the Governance and Nominating Committee. Dr. Sugar also serves as a senior advisor to Ares
Management, LLC, Bain & Company, Temasek Americas Advisory Panel and the G100 Network and the World 50, and as a member of the National Academy of Engineering, a trustee of the University of Southern California, a director of the Los
Angeles Philharmonic Association, and a national trustee of the Boys and Girls Clubs of America. Among other qualifications, Dr. Sugar brings to the Board executive leadership experience as a chairman and chief executive officer of a large
international public company, financial expertise as a former chief financial officer, understanding of advanced technology, and a global business perspective from his service on other boards.
Sue Wagner has served as a director of BlackRock, Inc., an
asset management company, since October 2012, where she serves on the Risk Committee. Ms. Wagner was a co-founder of BlackRock and previously served as Vice Chairman from 2006 and as a member of BlackRock’s Global Executive Committee and
Global Operating Committee until her retirement in July 2012. During her tenure at BlackRock, she also led strategy and corporate development and the alternative investments and international client businesses. Since April 2014, Ms. Wagner has
also served as a director on the boards of Swiss Re Ltd. and Swiss Reinsurance Company Ltd., and from March 2015 has served on the boards of Swiss Re Corporate Solutions Ltd. and Swiss Re Life Capital Ltd. Ms. Wagner serves as the Chair of the
Investment Committee and as a member of the Finance and Risk Committee and the Chairman’s and Governance Committee of each Swiss Re company. Ms. Wagner also serves on the boards of DSP BlackRock Investment Managers Pvt. Ltd., Wellesley
College, and the Hackley School. Among other qualifications, Ms. Wagner brings to the Board operational experience, including her service as chief operating officer of a large international public company, along with extensive financial
expertise and experience in the financial services industry.
Apple Inc. |
2016 Proxy Statement | 13
Table of Contents
Corporate Governance
Role of the Board of Directors
Apple’s Board oversees the CEO and other senior management in the competent and ethical operation of Apple and assures that the long-term interests of shareholders are being served. To satisfy the Board’s duties, directors
are expected to take a proactive, focused approach to their positions, and set standards to enhance Apple’s commitment to business responsibility and ethics.
Apple’s key governance documents, including our Corporate Governance Guidelines, are available at investor.apple.com/corporate-governance.cfm . The governance structure is designed to foster principled actions, effective decision-making, and
appropriate monitoring of both compliance and performance. The Board met four times during 2015.
Board Leadership Structure
The Board believes its current leadership structure best serves the objectives of the Board’s oversight of
management, the Board’s ability to carry out its roles and responsibilities on behalf of Apple’s shareholders, and Apple’s overall corporate governance. The Board also believes the separation of the Chairman and CEO roles allows the
CEO to focus his time and energy on operating and managing Apple and leverages the Chairman’s experience and perspectives. The Board periodically reviews the leadership structure to determine whether it continues to best serve Apple and its
shareholders.
Board Committees
The Board has a standing Audit and Finance Committee (the “Audit Committee”), Compensation Committee, and Nominating
Committee. The Board has determined that the Chair of each committee and all committee members are independent under applicable rules of The NASDAQ Stock Market LLC (“NASDAQ”), the New York Stock Exchange LLC (“NYSE”), and the
SEC for committee memberships. The members of the committees are shown in the table below.
Director
Audit
Committee
Compensation
Committee
Nominating
Committee
James Bell
Member
Tim Cook
Al Gore
Member
Bob Iger
Member
Chair
Andrea Jung
Chair
Member
Art Levinson
Member
Ron Sugar
Chair
Sue Wagner
Member
Apple Inc. |
2016 Proxy Statement | 14
Table of Contents
The Audit Committee assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight and monitoring
responsibility of reviewing the financial information provided to shareholders and others, appoints Apple’s independent registered public accounting firm, reviews the services performed by the independent registered public accounting firm and
Apple’s internal audit department, evaluates Apple’s accounting policies and the system of internal controls established by management and the Board, reviews significant financial transactions, and oversees enterprise risk management. The
Audit Committee met nine times during 2015.
The Compensation Committee reviews and approves the compensation
arrangements for Apple’s executive officers, including the CEO, administers Apple’s equity compensation plans, and reviews the Board’s compensation. The Compensation Committee’s authority to grant equity awards may not be
delegated to Apple’s management or others. For a description of the Compensation Committee’s processes and procedures, including the roles of Apple’s executive officers and independent compensation consultants in the Compensation
Committee’s decision-making process, see the section entitled “