corporate responsibility approach and initiatives in the
proxy statement beginning in 2018; and
• reviewed detailed feedback from AbbVie's investor engagement program , which reaches out to
stockholders holding approximately 45% of the company's outstanding shares.
Highlights
of our governance practices include:
Governance Practice
For more information
Independent lead director with robust responsibilities is selected by the board
p. 16
Ten of AbbVie's eleven directors are independent and regularly meet in executive session
p. 16
All members of the audit, compensation, nominations and governance and public policy committees are independent
p. 19
Adopted a proxy access By-Law provision for 3%/3 years
p. 77
Policy prohibiting hedging and pledging
p. 44
Robust stock ownership guidelines
p. 43
Disclosure of our corporate political contributions and our trade association dues and oversight process
http://www.abbvie.com/responsibility/transparency-policies/corporate-political-participation.html
Broad clawback authority to recover incentive plan awards
p. 44
For inclusion on the board, the nominations and governance committee considers diversity of ethnicity, gender, and geography
p. 19
Related person transaction policy to ensure appropriate oversight
p. 75
We do not have a stockholder rights plan or "poison pill"
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws
Our directors are elected by a majority vote of our stockholders for uncontested elections and we have a resignation policy if the director fails to receive a
majority of the votes cast
p. 10
We hold an annual say-on-pay advisory vote on executive compensation
p. 66
Our governance guidelines restrict the number of boards our directors may serve on to prevent overboarding
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Annual board and committee self-assessments and annual succession planning
Corporate Governance Guidelines
We are guided by strong ethics programs and supplier guidelines
http://www.abbvie.com/responsibility/home.html
Corporate Responsibility 2018 Highlights
AbbVie, we strive to make a remarkable impact on patients and drive sustainable growth by discovering and delivering a consistent stream of innovative medicines
that address serious health problems. Our corporate responsibility commitments guide the ways in which we advance that vision.
2019 Proxy Statement |
Table of Contents
PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
Commitment: Use our expertise to improve health
Creating
real health improvement is our mission. To be a leading healthcare innovator, we must attract, retain and support a diverse workforce and invest in their
collaborative efforts to develop medicines that bring value for patients. Key 2018 advancements include:
Equality, diversity and inclusion :
• We were again widely recognized for our leading diversity practices. In the United States, we were named a top 10 member of the Working Mother
100 Best Companies list and further recognized by DiversityInc and Fortune 100 Best Companies to Work For. AbbVie also received a perfect score on the Human Rights Campaign Corporate Equality Index.
Globally, we were named to over 40 Great Place to Work and top employer lists.
• We further enhanced our commitment to equality, diversity and inclusion by creating a dedicated vice president role to lead our efforts. 47% of
our management positions globally are held by women, and a new global Women's Leadership Program will help women in management build the skills and perspectives needed to advance even further in the
company. In the United States, 31% of our workforce is made up of historically underrepresented populations.
• Each organization within AbbVie established new equality, diversity and inclusion plans to address identified areas of opportunity through
talent attraction, acquisition, engagement, development and retention.
Innovative medicines that offer significant health benefit :
• In 2018, we advanced the treatment of blood cancers with approval of our chemotherapy-free, fixed-duration treatment for relapsed and
refractory chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
• We also introduced the first FDA-approved oral treatment in over a decade for the management of moderate to severe pain associated with
endometriosis, a condition impacting an estimated one in 10 women of reproductive age.
• We provided over 80,000 U.S. patients free access to these and other AbbVie medicines through our patient assistance programs.
Addressing the health needs of the underserved :
• In 2018, over 400 AbbVie scientists gave nearly 40,000 pro bono hours to conduct preclinical and clinical research on potential treatments for
diseases that disproportionately affect developing countries, including onchocerciasis (river blindness), tuberculosis, and malaria.
• We also announced a royalty-free licensing agreement with the Medicines Patent Pool (MPP) for our pan-genotypic hepatitis C virus (HCV)
medicine, covering more than 90 low- and middle-income countries and territories. Through this agreement, AbbVie will grant licenses to World Health Organization prequalified generic manufacturers to
manufacture and supply generic versions of the medicine, while maintaining the highest quality and production standards. AbbVie has a long history of working together with the community to ensure
broad and long-term access to care for our virology medicines worldwide.
| 2019 Proxy
Statement
Table of Contents
PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
Commitment: Steward our ethical and sustainable business
participate over the long-term in the provision of healthcare, we must earn and maintain the trust of patients, healthcare providers, regulators, policymakers and
the public. Key 2018 advancements include:
Human rights and workplace safety :
• In 2018, AbbVie was the Dow Jones Sustainability Index (DJSI) leader in occupational health and safety across the biotechnology and
pharmaceutical industries. Overall, the Index ranked AbbVie #2 in the biotechnology sector, and once again named the company to the DJSI World and North America indices.
Environmental sustainability :
• We made progress against our aggressive environmental targets in 2018, including expanding the proportion of our energy purchased from
renewable sources.
Robust ethics and compliance program :
• Each year, all of AbbVie's employees must read and certify adherence to our extensive AbbVie Code of Business Conduct, which sets forth our
core guidelines and requirements for ethical behavior.
Commitment: Support long-term community strength
support well-being, resilience and growth in our current markets and help lay the foundation for broader economic development using our unique resources.
addition to our ongoing support for education and community programs, independent medical and patient education, and employee vitality and volunteerism, in 2018 AbbVie made an
additional $350 million in charitable contributions to support U.S. non-profit organizations making long-term impact on community strength.
Community resilience and economic growth :
• For example, as a committed employer in Puerto Rico for nearly 50 years, AbbVie is supporting long-term efforts that will move the
community from recovery to resilience in the wake of Hurricane Maria. With AbbVie donations of $50 million each, Direct Relief will rebuild and strengthen the primary healthcare system, while
Habitat for Humanity will repair and rebuild homes, making them better able to withstand future hurricanes.
• As a technology innovator, we want to help narrow the educational gap for children in underserved areas. Our gifts of $30 million to
Communities In Schools, $10 million to City Year and $15 million to the University of Chicago Education Lab will grow programs focused on improving graduation rates, reducing dropout
rates and increasing college and career readiness for children in kindergarten through grade 12—with an emphasis on those in high-poverty neighborhoods.
Public health and well-being :
• Sick children and their families often experience emoti