Corporate Responsibility Highlights
are passionate about our work to improve lives and go about it in a sustainable and responsible way. AbbVie has strong commitments and a comprehensive approach to
corporate responsibility focused on: (i) improving health outcomes, particularly in areas of unmet need, and enhancing access to healthcare across geographies, (ii) operating responsibly
and cultivating an ethical, transparent and inclusive culture to drive sustainable growth, and (iii) contributing to communities and addressing challenges of the underserved. The board of
directors and public policy
2018 Proxy Statement |
Table of Contents
PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
committee
oversee our corporate responsibility efforts, including how these efforts are incorporated into our business strategy.
Recent
examples of corporate responsibility projects include:
• Environmental
Stewardship. AbbVie has robust, long-term targets to reduce our environmental footprint, including reducing carbon emissions by 25 percent
by 2025 (over 2015 baseline). In one year, AbbVie reduced carbon emissions globally by 8 percent on an absolute basis.
• Neglected Diseases. AbbVie
scientists have dedicated over 60,000 pro bono hours since the company's inception to research neglected diseases.
• Commitment to Diversity. Women
comprise 53% of AbbVie's total workforce and 46% of AbbVie's management. We are recognized as a leading workplace by Working Mother Magazine's "100 Best Companies for Working Mothers" and
DiversityInc's "Top 50 Companies for Diversity." In 2017, for the third consecutive year, AbbVie received a perfect score of 100% in the Corporate Equality Index administered by the Human Rights
Campaign Foundation.
• Access to Medicines. In 2017,
nearly 80,000 U.S. patients were provided medication at no cost through AbbVie patient assistance programs.
• Charitable Contributions. Over
the past five years, we've been able to reach more than 19 million people in more than 85 countries through our charitable giving. In 2017 alone, our response to natural and humanitarian
disasters led to 61 countries receiving product donations and grants from AbbVie and the AbbVie Foundation. While continuing our support of existing partners through ongoing donations, we announced in
January 2018 an additional charitable contribution of approximately $350 million to select non-profit organizations. This contribution will support initiatives such as the rebuilding of homes
and healthcare infrastructure in Puerto Rico, assist families with children facing a serious illness, and bolster charities that support our local community needs.
• Community Engagement. Since our
launch in 2013, our employees have volunteered over 237,000 hours. We are proud of our Week of Possibilities, AbbVie's global signature volunteer annual event to benefit underserved populations
in communities where AbbVie employees live and work. In 2017, more than 7,200 employees volunteered to complete hands-on service projects in 57 countries.
AbbVie's
corporate responsibility efforts have been consistently recognized by third parties, including: biotech leader on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index in 2016 and 2017 for our
strong social, environmental, governance and business practices; score of A- in 2016 and 2017 on climate change by CDP for our disclosure and sustainability efforts; inclusion on Civic 50 for four
consecutive years as one of the 50 most community-minded companies in the United States; and inclusion in FTSE4Good since 2016.
More
details about our corporate responsibility efforts, key performance indicators, and areas of importance to our stakeholders are available on our website at
www.abbvie.com/responsibility .
| 2018 Proxy
Statement
Table of Contents
PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
Executive Compensation Highlights
AbbVie's
board of directors believes a well-designed compensation program should align executive interests with the drivers of stockholder returns and profitable
growth, support achievement of the company's primary business goals, and attract and retain world-class executives whose talents and contributions sustain the growth in long-term stockholder value.
Consequently, the compensation committee of the board has designed and implemented an executive compensation program in which a substantial majority of named executive officer (NEO) compensation at
AbbVie is performance-based.
When
determining NEO compensation, the committee first considers the median of the competitive marketplace (as derived primarily from the Health Care Peer Group approved by the
committee) as an initial benchmark for assessing compensation. The committee then takes into account the company's overall performance against the financial, operating and strategic objectives that
were established at the start of the performance period. Finally, specific pay determinations are made for each NEO based on his or her individual performance against goals and contributions to the
short- and long-term performance of the company.
Three
primary components make up AbbVie's executive pay program: base salary, short-term incentives and long-term incentives. The structure of each component is tailored to serve a
specific function and purpose. The following is a summary of the key components of our compensation program.
2018 Proxy Statement |
Table of Contents
Who Can Vote
Stockholders of record at the close of business on March 7, 2018 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. As of
March 7, 2018, AbbVie had 1,586,687,236 outstanding shares of common stock, which are AbbVie's only outstanding voting securities. Each stockholder has one vote per share. Stockholders do not
have the right to vote cumulatively in electing directors.
Notice and Access
In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) e-proxy rules, AbbVie mailed a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy
Materials (the "Notice") to stockholders in March 2018. The Notice describes the matters to be considered at the Annual Meeting and how stockholders can access the proxy materials online. It also
provides instructions on how stockholders can vote their shares. If you received the Notice, you will not receive a printed version of the proxy materials unless you request one. If you would like to
receive a printed version of the proxy materials, free of charge, please follow the instructions on the Notice.
Voting by Proxy
AbbVie's stockholders may vote their shares by telephone, the Internet, or at the Annual Meeting. If you vote by telephone or the Internet, you
do not need to return your proxy card. The instructions for voting can be found on the Notice, on the website listed in the Notice, and, if you received one, on your proxy card. If you requested a
printed version of the proxy card, you may also vote by mail.
Revoking a Proxy
You may revoke your proxy by voting in person at the Annual Meeting or, at any time prior to the
meeting:
• by delivering a written notice to the secretary of AbbVie,
• by delivering an authorized proxy with a later date, or
• by voting by telephone or the Internet after you have given your proxy.
Discretionary Voting Authority
Unless otherwise specified in accordance with the instructions on the proxy, the persons named in the proxy will vote the shares of AbbVie
common stock covered by proxies they receive to elect the four nominees named in Item 1 on the proxy card. If a nominee becomes unavailable to serve, the shares will be voted for a substitute
designated by the board of directors or for fewer than four nominees if, in the judgment of the proxy holders, such action is necessary or desirable.
Where
a stockholder has specified a choice for or against the proposals to be presented at the Annual Meeting or if the stockholder has chosen to abstain, the shares of AbbVie common
stock represented by the proxy will be voted (or not voted) as specified. Where no choice has been specified, the proxy will be voted FOR the ratification