corporate responsibility approach and initiatives in the
proxy statement beginning in 2018; and
• reviewed detailed feedback from AbbVie's investor engagement program , which reaches out to
stockholders holding approximately 45% of the company's outstanding shares to discuss investor priorities, including board oversight of company culture, board and workforce diversity, executive
compensation, and corporate responsibility.
Highlights
of our governance practices include:
Governance Practice
For more information
Independent lead director with robust responsibilities is selected by the board
p. 19
All members of the audit, compensation, and nominations and governance committees are independent
p. 18
Ten of AbbVie's eleven directors are independent and regularly meet in executive session
p. 18
Adopted a proxy access By-Law provision for 3%/3 years
p. 79
Policy prohibiting hedging and pledging
p. 46
Robust stock ownership guidelines
p. 45
Disclosure of our corporate political contributions and our trade association dues and oversight process
http://www.abbvie.com/responsibility/transparency-policies/corporate-political-participation.html
Broad clawback authority to recover incentive plan awards
p. 46
For inclusion on the board, the nominations and governance committee considers diversity of ethnicity, gender, and geography
p. 21
Related person transaction policy to ensure appropriate oversight
p. 77
We do not have a stockholder rights plan or "poison pill"
Certificate of Incorporation and By-Laws
Our directors are elected by a majority vote of our stockholders for uncontested elections and we have a resignation policy if the director fails to receive a
majority of the votes cast
p. 12
We hold an annual say-on-pay advisory vote on executive compensation
p. 67
Our governance guidelines restrict the number of boards our directors may serve on to prevent overboarding
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Annual board and committee self-assessments and annual succession planning
Corporate Governance Guidelines
We are guided by strong ethics programs and supplier guidelines
http://www.abbvie.com/responsibility/home.html
2020 Proxy Statement |
Table of Contents
PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
Corporate Responsibility 2019 Highlights
AbbVie, we strive to make a remarkable impact on patients and drive sustainable growth by discovering and delivering a consistent stream of innovative medicines
that address serious health problems. In order to drive the long-term sustainability of our business we will continue to make responsible pricing decisions for these medicines, and this is reflected
in our long-range plan. Our growth is primarily driven by reaching more patients with innovative new medicines, not increases in price.
2019, we launched our company Principles, which anchor our culture and what we believe in. Aligned to our Principles, our corporate responsibility priorities guide the ways we
advance our business strategy. Key highlights for the year on these corporate responsibility priorities include:
Attracting and retaining a diverse and inclusive workforce :
• In 2019, we implemented our new global Equality, Diversity and Inclusion strategy across the organization. This includes a five-year roadmap
that defines key global focus areas, objectives and associated initiatives, and implementation plans by function and geography. Our senior leaders have taken formal 2020 goals aligned with executing
this strategy.
• We continued to advance equality and diversity across the organization. At the end of 2019, women represented 48% of our management positions
globally. In the United States, 32% of our workforce was comprised of historically underrepresented populations. Both proportions increased since last year. Our annual U.S. compensation assessment
found our pay practices to be equitable across genders and ethnicities.
• An important part of our strategy is to instill an inclusive mindset in all leaders and employees, so we can realize the full value of our
diverse workforce. This year we launched a new toolkit for people who manage others, to reinforce the importance of equality, diversity and inclusion to our business, educate leaders on inclusive
recruiting practices and modeling inclusive behavior, and encourage participation in our inclusive culture learning opportunities.
• Our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) also help us nurture an inclusive culture, by building community, hosting awareness events and providing
leadership and career opportunities. In 2019 we created a seventh ERG, Ability at AbbVie, to address the needs and concerns of individuals with disabilities and their caregivers.
Delivering innovative medicines that offer significant health benefit :
• In 2019, AbbVie achieved nine new product or indication approvals or expansions. These included treatments for rheumatoid arthritis, moderate
to severe plaque psoriasis, and previously untreated chronic lymphocytic leukemia.
• ABBV-4083, an investigational compound that AbbVie is co-developing on a pro-bono basis, had a successful end of phase 1 meeting with
the U.S. Food and Drug Administration. A Phase 2 study in patients with river
| 2020 Proxy
Statement
Table of Contents
PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
blindness
will be conducted by our partner, Drugs for Neglected Diseases initiative, with drug product and pro-bono technical support from AbbVie.
• myAbbVie Assist, our U.S. patient assistance program, is one of the ways we help patients who may be having trouble paying for their AbbVie
medicine. In 2019, more than 89,000 patients—up from nearly 81,000 in 2018—received their AbbVie medicines at no cost through myAbbVie Assist. Broader eligibility criteria and
a new awareness campaign supported the expansion of the program.
• AbbVie is committed to working toward the World Health Organization's 2030 hepatitis C virus (HCV) elimination goal. We support HCV
micro-elimination projects around the world. In 2019, AbbVie partnered with the Washington State Health Care Authority with the shared goal of eliminating HCV in the entire state. The partnership is a
modified subscription-type plan for our pan-genotypic medicine, with additional support from AbbVie that will help the state control costs while also increasing the potential to care for HCV patients.
Advancing our environmental sustainability priorities :
• 2019 marked the inaugural year for a new environmental sustainability strategy focused on reducing our environmental footprint, growing
sustainably and inspiring, educating and engaging our workforce to steward sustainability within and beyond AbbVie. On Earth Day, we launched an employee sustainability awareness campaign called
"Sustainable Steps Today. Healthy, Bright Tomorrows," to encourage sustainable behavior at work and home.
• We launched the SPARK Innovation Accelerator, an incubator for employee-driven AbbVie sustainability proposals. In its first year, the
accelerator received over 100 proposals and selected 10 new environmental sustainability projects to support.
• We continued to make progress against our 2025 environmental targets.
• Since 2015 we have reduced our absolute carbon dioxide emissions (scope 1 and 2) by more than 16%, over halfway to our 2025
target of 25%.
• We increased the percentage of purchased electricity that is from renewable sources to more than 24%, up from 9% in 2016 and
almost halfway to our 2025 target of 50%.
Stewarding our ethical business :
• As part of our longstanding commitment to acting with integrity, we recently launched a Leading with Integrity communication campaign. People
who manage others set the day-to-day expectations for our employees and provide the most visible example of our culture. The campaign is our latest step in driving a culture of integrity, which is
essential to strong business performance because it supports high levels of
2020 Proxy Statement |
Table of Contents
PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
quality,
compliance and safety, builds trust and underpins str