sustainability begins with our leaders and is engrained in the culture of our Company. The Board also regularly monitors leading practices in governance and adopts measures that it
determines are in the best interest of Abbott and its shareholders.
Governance Highlights:
• Three new independent directors appointed since 2017
• Lead Independent Director with clearly defined responsibilities
• Four of the five Board Committees are fully independent: Audit, Compensation, Public Policy and Nominations & Governance
• All directors elected annually by majority vote
• Board conducts annual succession planning review for management
Lead Independent Director with distinct responsibilities
Consults and engages directly with major shareholders
Elected annually by independent directors
Liaises between chairman and independent directors
Authority to call meetings of independent directors
Reviews matters such as meeting topics and schedules
Presides over executive sessions of independent directors at each regularly scheduled Board meeting
6 Abbott
Laboratories
SUSTAINABILITY
Abbott, we believe that being a responsible and sustainable business is an essential foundation for helping people live fuller, healthier lives. Abbott works hard to maximize the impact of the
business in creating stronger communities around the world—focusing on doing the right things, for the long term.
Corporate Responsibility and Stewardship —Committed to managing our environmental impact, helping people live fuller, healthier lives by
providing access to products and technologies according to the highest standards of ethical business practices.
Ethical Business Practices
Environmental
Access
Chief Ethics and Compliance Officer reports regularly to the CEO and Board
Active management of our environmental impact across several areas
Accessibility incorporated into product design and commercialization strategy
Enterprise Risk Management —Robust risk oversight process, with a culture of focus on assessing and managing the most critical issues to our
business.
Cybersecurity
Supply Chain
Incorporated into product design and foundational data infrastructure; dedicated senior management role with regular updates to the Board
Supplier selection, risk evaluation processes; diverse global footprint with redundancies
Competitive Advantage —Delivering innovative products to our patients—helping people live fuller, healthier lives. We take seriously
our responsibility to provide products of the highest quality standards to patients, and it all begins with our people and talent.
R&D / Pipeline
Talent Management
Product Quality
Robust market-insights driven development and prioritization processes with economic valuation metrics
Award winning development programs, integrated talent management and succession planning processes
Head of Quality Assurance reports regularly to the CEO and Board
Abbott
Laboratories 7
SELECT RECOGNITION BY THIRD-PARTY ORGANIZATIONS
Fortune's Most Admired Companies list in the Medical Products and Equipment sector for the past 6 years.
Dow Jones Sustainability Index Industry Group Leader for 6
consecutive years.
Recognized by Working
Mother, DiversityInc, Science and many other publications for workplace leadership and diversity.
Ranked as one of the global 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine for 10 consecutive years.
To learn more about Abbott's sustainability efforts, please visit www.abbott.com/citizenship .
VOTING MATTERS AND BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS
Election of 13 Directors: The Board recommends a vote FOR •
Highly qualified Board, with diversity in backgrounds, skills and
experiences.
Relevant
expertise to provide oversight and guidance for Abbott's diversified operating model. See pages 12 to 18 for more information.
Ratification of Ernst & Young as Auditors: The Board recommends a vote FOR •
Independent firm with significant industry and financial reporting
expertise.
pages 64 to 65 for more information.
Say on Pay: Advisory Vote on the Approval of Executive Compensation: The Board recommends a vote FOR •
Market based structure producing differentiated awards based on both
company and individual performance, managed with independent oversight by the Compensation Committee.
Aligned to drive Abbott's strategic priorities, reflects #1 Relative Total Shareholder Return for 1- and 3-year timeframes. See page 66 for more information.
The Board recommends a vote AGAINST : •