sustainability begins with our leaders and is engrained in the culture of our Company. The Board also regularly monitors leading practices in governance and
adopts measures that it determines are in the best interest of Abbott and its shareholders.
CEO SUCCESSION PLANNING:
In November 2019, Abbott announced that Miles D. White will be stepping down as Chief Executive Officer on March 31, 2020, after a remarkable 21-year
tenure. The Board of Directors appointed Robert B. Ford, Abbott's President and Chief Operating Officer and a 24-year Abbott veteran, to succeed Miles White as Chief Executive Officer.
Mr. White will remain Executive Chairman of the Board.
With
this transition, Mr. Ford will become the 13 th CEO of Abbott in its 131-year history, all having been appointed from within, a testament to Abbott's strong management
philosophy and succession-planning discipline.
BOARD GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS:
Lead Independent Director with Distinct Responsibilities
Elected annually by independent directors
Authority to call meetings of independent directors
Liaises between chairman and independent directors
Reviews matters such as meeting topics and schedules
Consults and engages directly with major shareholders
Presides over executive sessions of independent directors at each regularly scheduled Board meeting
Robust Board Evaluation and Refreshment Process
Other Board Governance Highlights
• Key standing Board Committees are fully independent: Audit, Compensation, Public Policy and Nominations and Governance
• All directors elected annually by majority vote
• Board conducts annual succession planning review of company management
Highly qualified Board, with broad diversity across backgrounds, skills and experiences
SHAREHOLDER OUTREACH:
Active shareholder engagement throughout the year is essential to maintaining good corporate governance. We routinely seek investor input on a variety of
topics, including corporate governance, executive compensation, sustainability and other strategic matters. During 2019, we conducted outreach with a cross-section of shareholders representing more
than 65% of our outstanding shares. Investor sentiment and specific feedback was summarized and shared with executive management and the Board of Directors as appropriate.
SUSTAINABILITY
Abbott, we believe that being a responsible and sustainable business is an essential foundation for helping people live fuller, healthier lives. Our Sustainability efforts are focused on the most
relevant industry and company-specific risks and opportunities. The key areas of focus listed below are the basis of our Sustainability strategy. These areas have been identified through an in-depth
materiality analysis, directed by executive management, and in partnership with several, diverse stakeholders. We aim to deliver sustainable, responsible growth that improves lives and creates value
in communities around the world.
Innovation, Access & Affordability
Talent
Product Quality
Robust internal innovation process that targets the world's most pressing healthcare challenges and incorporates access and affordability considerations into the design process
Award winning development programs, integrated talent management and succession planning processes
Focused on ensuring the highest quality standards and systems
Climate & Water Use
Supply Chain, Packaging & Waste
Data & Data Privacy
Active management of our environmental impact throughout our value chain
Committed to maintaining a high-quality, sustainable and resilient supply chain
Utilizing data to create healthcare solutions while ensuring responsible data protection
learn more about Abbott's sustainability efforts, please visit www.abbott.com/responsibility/sustainability.
SELECT RECOGNITION BY THIRD-PARTY ORGANIZATIONS
Fortune's Most Admired Companies list in
the Medical Products and Equipment sector for the past 7 years.
Dow Jones Sustainability Index Industry Group Leader for 7 consecutive years.
Recognized by Working Mother, Great Place to Work, DiversityInc,
Science and many other publications for workplace leadership and diversity.
Member of the elite S&P 500 Dividend Aristocrats Index, which recognizes companies who have raised their dividend payout annually for at least 25 consecutive
years. In December 2019, Abbott announced the 48 th consecutive year of increasing the quarterly dividend.
VOTING MATTERS AND BOARD RECOMMENDS
Election of 14 Directors Named in this Proxy Statement: The Board recommends a vote FOR
Highly qualified Board, with diversity in backgrounds, skills and experiences.
Relevant expertise to provide oversight and guidance for Abbott's diversified operating model. See pages 13 to 19 for more information.
Ratification of Ernst & Young as Auditors: The Board recommends a vote FOR
Independent firm with significant industry and financial reporting expertise.
See pages 68 to 69 for more information.
Say on Pay: Advisory Vote on the Approval of Executive Compensation: The Board recommends a vote FOR
Market-based structure producing differentiated awards based on both company and individual performance, managed with independent oversight by the Compensation Committee.
Aligned to drive Abbott's strategic priorities, reflects consistent
above-market TSR including #1 Relative TSR for 3-year timeframe. See page 70 for more information.
The Board recommends a vote AGAINST