sustainability strategy, including Abbott’s new 2030 Sustainability Plan and its focus on creating new life-changing technologies and products, expanding access and affordability of new product innovations and advancing health equity.
Human capital management and Abbott’s commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion, including Abbott’s new Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Report which provides goals, our progress against them, and disclosure of EEO-1 data.
Board composition and refreshment, including the addition of four new independent directors since 2018, three of whom are women and/or minorities.
Executive compensation program, including Abbott’s continued enhanced compensation disclosure.
Their feedback was overwhelmingly positive, which was reflected in the
92% support for our Say-on-Pay Proposal.
KEY FEATURES OF OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM
The following practices and policies ensure alignment of interests between
shareholders and executives, and effective ongoing compensation governance.
Compensation Practice
Abbott Policy
More
Information
On Page
Compensation is Market-Based
Benchmark peers with investment profiles, operating characteristics, and employment and business markets similar to Abbott. Annual incentive plan goals are set to exceed market growth in relevant markets/business segments
30-33
Compensation is Performance-Based
Short-term and long-term incentive awards are 100% performance based. Annual incentive plan goals are set to exceed market growth in relevant markets/business segments
31-33
Double-Trigger Change in Control
Provide change in control benefits under double-trigger circumstances only
66-67
Recoupment Policy
Forfeiture for misconduct provision in equity grants and recoup compensation when warranted
Robust Share Ownership Guidelines
Require significant share ownership for officers and directors, and share retention requirements until guidelines are met
27 and 50
Capped Incentive Awards
Incentive award payments are capped
32 and 53
Independent Compensation Committee Consultant
Committee consultant performs no other work for Abbott
Tax Gross Ups
No tax gross ups under our executive officer pay program
49-50
Guaranteed Bonuses
No guaranteed bonuses
Employment Contracts
No employment contracts
Excessive Risk Taking
No highly leveraged incentive plans that encourage excessive risk taking
52-53
Hedging of Company Shares
No hedging of Abbott shares is allowed
51 and 53
Discounted Stock Options
No discounted stock options are allowed or granted
Details of the compensation decisions made for our named executive officers
are outlined on pages 38 to 48.
Table of Contents
DIRECTOR NOMINEES
The Board of Directors
recommends a vote FOR the
election of each of the following nominees for director. All nominees are currently serving as directors. Additional information
about each director nominee’s background and experience can be found beginning on page 10.
Name
Principal Occupation
Director
Since
Committee
Memberships
ROBERT J. ALPERN, M.D. Independent
Professor and Former Dean, Yale School of Medicine
2008
● Nominations
and Governance
● Public
Policy
SALLY E. BLOUNT, PH.D. Independent
President and CEO, Catholic Charities of the Archdiocese of Chicago, and Professor and Former Dean, J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management
2011
● Nominations
and Governance
● Public
Policy
ROBERT B. FORD
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, Abbott Laboratories
2019
● Executive (Chair)
PAOLA GONZALEZ Independent
Vice President and Treasurer, The Clorox Company
2021
● Audit
MICHELLE A. KUMBIER Independent
President, Turf & Consumer Products, Briggs & Stratton, LLC
2018
● Audit
● Compensation
DARREN W. McDEW Independent
Retired General, U.S. Air Force, and Former Commander of U.S. Transportation Command
2019
● Nominations
and Governance
● Public
Policy
NANCY McKINSTRY Independent
CEO and Chairman of the Executive Board, Wolters Kluwer N.V.
2011
● Audit
(Chair)
● Compensation
● Executive
WILLIAM A. OSBORN Lead Independent Director
Retired Chairman and CEO, Northern Trust Corporation
2008
● Compensation
● Nominations
and Governance (Chair)
● Executive
MICHAEL F. ROMAN Independent
Chairman, President, and CEO, 3M Company
2021
● Audit
● Compensation
DANIEL J. STARKS Independent
Retired Chairman, President and CEO, St. Jude Medical, Inc.
2017
● Public Policy
JOHN G. STRATTON Independent
Executive Chairman, Frontier Communications Parent, Inc.
2017
● Audit
● Public
Policy
GLENN F. TILTON Independent
Retired Chairman, President and CEO, UAL Corporation
2007
● Audit
● Public
Policy (Chair)
● Executive
Table of Contents
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Abbott is committed to strong corporate governance that is aligned with
shareholder interests. Our Board spends significant time with Abbott’s senior management to understand the dynamics, issues,
and opportunities for Abbott, and also regularly monitors leading practices in governance and adopts measures that it determines
are in the best interest of Abbott and its shareholders.
LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR WITH DISTINCT RESPONSIBILITIES
Elected annually by independent directors
Regularly presides over executive sessions of independent directors at Board meetings and provides feedback to management
Reviews matters, such as agenda items and schedule sufficiency
Leads annual performance review process
Oversees process for identifying and evaluating director candidates
Authority to call meetings of independent directors
Communicate regularly with the Chairman regarding appropriate agenda topics and other Board-related matters
Confers with the Nominations and Governance Committee and the CEO regarding management succession planning
Liaises between Chairman and independent directors
Engages directly with major shareholders as appropriate
ROBUST BOARD EVALUATION AND REFRESHMENT PROCESS
OTHER BOARD GOVERNANCE HIGHLIGHTS
Fully independent Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, Nominations and Governance Committee, and Public Policy Committee
Committee chairs recommended to the Board by the Nominations and Governance Committee and approved by the full Board
All directors elected annually by majority vote
Executive sessions of the independent directors, led by the Lead Independent Director, at each regularly scheduled Board meeting
Annual anonymous evaluations of the Board, Committees, and each director
Strong risk oversight, with areas of focus including business strategy, human capital, cybersecurity and data protection, and Abbott’s sustainability, environmental, and social responsibility practices
Table of Contents
HIGHLY QUALIFIED BOARD, WITH BROAD DIVERSITY ACROSS BACKGROUNDS,
SKILLS AND EXPERIENCES
THE 12 DIRECTOR NOMINEES COMPRISE A WELL-BALANCED, DIVERSE BOARD.
RELEVANT EXPERTISE TO PROVIDE OVERSIGHT AND GUIDANCE FOR ABBOTT’S DIVERSIFIED OPERATING MODEL
TENURE
Healthcare and Medical Device Industry
Finance
Risk Management, including Data/Cybersecurity
Global Strategy and Operations
Regulatory/Compliance
BOARD DIVERSITY
Consumer Products
Senior Leadership with Multinational Corporations and Diverse Business Models
Global Supply Chain Operations
Government and Military Leadership
Table of Contents
COMMITMENT TO SUSTAINABILITY
At Abbott, sustainability means managing our company to deliver long-term
positive impact for the people we serve—shaping the future of healthcare and helping the greatest number of people live better
and healthier lives.
Our sustainability efforts are focused on the most relevant industry
and company-specific risks and opportunities. In December 2020, we launched our new 2030 Sustainability Plan focused on Abbott’s
greatest opportunities to make an impact.
These areas have been identified through an in-depth materiality
analysis, directed by executive management, and in partnership with numerous diverse external stakeholders, including suppliers,
customers, and investors. We aim to deliver sustainable, responsible growth that improves lives and creates value in communities
around t