Sustainability Plan focused on Abbott's greatest opportunities to make an impact: creating new life-changing technologies and
products, expanding the access and affordability of this innovation, and breaking down barriers that prevent people from getting the care they need.
Table of Contents
COVID-19 RESPONSE
CONTRIBUTION TO GLOBAL TESTING NEEDS
Abbott
quickly responded to the global spread of SARS-CoV-2. We leveraged our expertise in infectious disease diagnostic testing and in a short period time, developed multiple diagnostic tests to meet
the various needs in the market. We have launched and scaled significant manufacturing capacity for our tests around the globe and sold over 400 million tests in 2020.
Abbott's
rapid response, significant manufacturing scale, and affordable pricing strategy have allowed for broad access to testing and have further positioned Abbott as a world leader in diagnostic
testing. The demand for COVID-19 tests remains strong and Abbott will continue to be a leader in supporting global testing needs.
PROTECTING OUR PEOPLE
As a healthcare company, Abbott has continued to provide an uninterrupted supply of vital diagnostics, medical devices, medicines and nutritional products to
our customers. To help keep our own people safe, Abbott has taken aggressive steps to limit exposure and enhance the safety of facilities for our employees, including implementing mandatory
temperature screening and social distancing, providing and requiring the use of personal protective equipment, and at most U.S. facilities, on-site COVID-19 testing.
Abbott
has 109,000 employees in more than 160 countries, and throughout 2020, there were no pay cuts and we did not lay off or furlough any employees due to COVID-19. We're also assisting Abbott
families whose lives have been disrupted by COVID-19 including, paying people when sick or in quarantine, offering flexible working hours, providing support for employees with children, and expanding
employee assistance programs that offer health and wellness resources.
MAINTAINING ACCESS TO OUR TECHNOLOGIES AND PRODUCTS
Throughout the pandemic, we were able to continue providing our essential products to people around the world—even when route closures meant we
needed to adapt and identify new delivery pathways. With more than 75,000 suppliers in 120 countries, Abbott's global supply chain enabled our life-changing technologies to get to the millions of
people who need them, when they need them. That's why we have spent years building our supply chain resilience to function even under the greatest stresses.
Table of Contents
COMMITMENT TO DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION
Diversity
is fundamental at Abbott—from our people and our mindset to our business model. It's core to fulfilling our purpose, is embedded in our values and key to our
long-term growth and success.
Over
the years we have received numerous honors related to a diverse and inclusive culture—Fortune 100 Best Workplaces for Diversity, Forbes Best Employers for Diversity, Working Mother,
Top Company for Executive Women, DiversityInc, and Best Companies for Multicultural Women. Our Chief Executive Officer heads our Diversity Council and executive leader compensation has been tied to
diversity results for several years.
During
2020, we reviewed our practices and took steps to further our commitment to diversity and inclusion, including:
• Communicated our values and our position against racism to our employees and external stakeholders
• Enhanced the structure around Diversity and Inclusion including creating a new dedicated senior-level role, reporting to the global head of
human resources
• Initiated a listening process, where our leaders hear from employees about how they see diversity and inclusion at Abbott
Looking
ahead, we are committed to further advancing diversity and inclusion across our company, and in our work with others, including:
• Continuing our efforts to hire, develop and retain diverse talent
• Supporting the advancement of underrepresented groups in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) education through our focus on STEM
internships as early as high school
• Increasing transparency through the publication of a Diversity and Inclusion report, which will include detailed information on the composition
of our workforce, our programs to support diversity and inclusion, and our progress on our goals
• Committing to increase spend with diverse suppliers
Table of Contents
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION
SHAREHOLDER FEEDBACK
During
2020, we conducted extensive shareholder outreach to discuss our compensation program, among other topics. In the spring, we engaged shareholders representing over 60% of our outstanding shares
to discuss various topics, including Abbott's market-leading disclosures that enhance shareholder understanding of how pay decisions are made and how the metrics we use are linked to business strategy
and goals. Their feedback was overwhelmingly positive, which was reflected in the 92% support for Say-on-Pay Vote.
KEY FEATURES OF OUR EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION PROGRAM
The following practices and policies ensure alignment of interests between shareholders and executives, and effective ongoing compensation governance.
COMPENSATION PRACTICE
ABBOTT POLICY
MORE
INFORMATION
ON PAGE
Compensation is Market-Based
Benchmark peers with investment profiles, operating characteristics, and employment and business markets similar to Abbott. Annual incentive plan goals are set to exceed market growth in relevant markets/business segments
35-37
Compensation is Performance-Based
Short-term and long-term incentive awards are 100% performance based. Annual incentive plan goals are set to exceed market growth in relevant markets/business segments
36-37
Double-Trigger Change in Control
Provide change in control benefits under double-trigger circumstances only
78-80
Recoupment Policy
Forfeiture for misconduct provision in equity grants and recoup compensation when warranted
Robust Share Ownership Guidelines
Require significant share ownership for officers and directors, and share retention requirements until guidelines are met
30-31 and 59
Capped Incentive Awards
Incentive award payments are capped
36 and 61
Independent Compensation Committee Consultant
Committee consultant performs no other work for Abbott
Tax Gross Ups
No tax gross ups under our executive officer pay program
58-59 and 79
Guaranteed Bonuses
No guaranteed bonuses
Employment Contracts
No employment contracts
Excessive Risk Taking
No highly leveraged incentive plans that encourage excessive risk taking
61-62
Hedging of Company Shares
No hedging of Abbott shares is allowed
Discounted Stock Options
No discounted stock options are allowed or granted
Details
of the compensation decisions made for our named executive officers are outlined on pages 42 to 57.
Table of Contents
DIRECTOR NOMINEES
Board of Directors recommends a vote FOR the election of each of the following nominees for director. All nominees, other than
Mr. Roman, are currently serving as directors. Additional information about each director nominee's background and experience can be found beginning on page 16.
Name
Principal Occupation
Director
Since
Committee Memberships
Robert J. Alpern, M.D.
Professor and Former Dean,
2008
Nominations and
Yale School of Medicine
Governance
Public Policy
Roxanne S. Austin
President and CEO,
2000
Compensation
(Chair)
Austin Investment Advisors
Nominations
Governance
Executive
Sally E. Blount, Ph.D.
CEO, Catholic Charities of the
2011
Nominations
Archdiocese of Chicago, and
Governance
Professor and Former Dean,
Public Policy
J.L. Kellogg Graduate School
of Management
Robert B. Ford
President and CEO,
2019
Executive
Abbott Laboratories
Michelle A. Kumbier
Former Chief Operating Officer,
2018
Audit
Harley-Davidson Motor Company
Compensation
Darren W. McDew
Retired General, U.S. Air Force,
2019
Nominations
and Former Commander of
Governance
U.S. Transportation Command
Public Policy
Nancy McKin