SUSTAINABILITY
an innovative, responsible, and sustainable business, Abbott strives to foster economic, environmental, and social well-being everywhere we operate, in everything we do, and in
partnership with others.
Product Excellence —Committed to offering products and services consistent with the highest standards of quality and safety.
Improving Access —Dedicated to creating technologies and products that meet local needs around the world, as well as informing and empowering people to make
well-informed choices about healthcare.
Safeguarding the Environment —We've set 2020 goals to significantly reduce our environmental impacts in the areas of carbon dioxide emissions, total water intake and
total generated waste.
Our sustainability progress and efforts are recognized by 3rd party organizations.
Dow Jones Sustainability Index Industry Group Leader for the 4th consecutive year
Currently one of only two U.S.-based companies recognized as a global industry group leader on the Dow Jones Sustainability Index
Ranked No. 1 for Social Responsibility in the Medical Products and Equipment sector on the Fortune Most Admired Companies list each of the past four
years
Ranked as one of the global 100 Best Corporate Citizens by Corporate Responsibility Magazine for eight consecutive years
learn more about Abbott's sustainability efforts, please visit www.abbott.com/citizenship .
VOTING MATTERS AND BOARD RECOMMENDATIONS
Item
Matter
Board Recommendation
Page Reference
(for more information)
Item 1
Election of 11 Directors
FOR All Nominees
Item 2
Ratification of Ernst & Young LLP as Auditors
Item 3
Say on Pay—An Advisory Vote on the Approval of Executive Compensation
Item 4
Say When on Pay—An Advisory Vote on the Approval of the Frequency of Shareholder Votes on Executive Compensation
FOR Annual
(1 Year) Shareholder
Advisory Vote
Item 5
Approval of the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Incentive Stock Program
Item 6
Approval of the Abbott Laboratories 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan for Non-U.S. Employees
Item 7
Shareholder Proposal on Independent Board Chairman
AGAINST
Abbott
Laboratories 9
Table of Contents
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING
WHO CAN VOTE
Shareholders of record at the close of business on March 1, 2017 will be entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting. As of
January 31, 2017, Abbott had 1,727,997,596 outstanding common shares, which are Abbott's only outstanding voting securities. All shareholders have cumulative voting rights in the election of
directors and one vote per share on all other matters.
NOTICE AND ACCESS
In accordance with the Securities and Exchange Commission's "Notice and Access" rules, Abbott mailed a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the
"Notice") to certain shareholders in mid-March of 2017. The Notice describes the matters to be considered at the Annual Meeting and how the shareholders can access the proxy materials online. It also
provides instructions on how those shareholders can vote their shares. If you received the Notice, you will not receive a print version of the proxy materials, unless you request one. If you would
like to receive a print version of the proxy materials, free of charge, please follow the instructions on the Notice.
CUMULATIVE VOTING
Cumulative voting allows a shareholder to multiply the number of shares owned by the number of directors to be elected and to cast the total for one nominee
or distribute the votes among the nominees, as the shareholder desires. Shareholders may not cumulate their votes against a nominee. If shares are voted cumulatively and there are more nominees than
there are director vacancies, nominees who receive the greatest number of votes will be elected. If you wish to cumulate your votes, you must sign and mail in your proxy card or attend the Annual
Meeting.
VOTING BY PROXY
All of Abbott's shareholders may vote by mail or at the Annual Meeting. Abbott's By-Laws provide that a shareholder may authorize no more than two persons as
proxies to attend and vote at the meeting. Most of Abbott's shareholders may also vote their shares by telephone or the Internet. If you vote by telephone or the Internet, you do not need to return
your proxy card. The instructions for voting can be found with your proxy card or on the Notice.
REVOKING A PROXY
You may revoke your proxy by voting in person at the Annual Meeting or, at any time prior to the meeting:
• by delivering a written notice to the Secretary of Abbott,
• by delivering an authorized proxy with a later date, or
• by voting by telephone or the Internet after you have given your proxy.
DISCRETIONARY VOTING AUTHORITY
Unless authority is withheld in accordance with the instructions on the proxy, the persons named in the proxy will vote the shares covered by proxies they
receive to elect the 11 nominees named in Item 1 on the proxy card. Should a nominee become unavailable to serve, the shares will be voted for a substitute designated by the Board of Directors,
or for fewer than 11 nominees if, in the judgment of the proxy holders, such action is necessary or desirable. The persons named in the proxy may also decide to vote shares cumulatively in their sole
discretion so that one or more of the nominees may receive fewer votes than the other nominees (or no votes at all), although they have no present intention of doing so. The proxy holders may not cast
your vote for any nominee from whom you have withheld authority to vote.
Where
a shareholder has specified a choice for or against the