sustainability goals, and create meaningful experiences, both with Accenture and for the customers and employees of our clients.
We bring industry specific solutions and services as well as cross industry expertise and leverage our scale and global footprint, innovation capabilities, and strong ecosystem partnerships together with our assets and platforms including myWizard, myNav, SynOps and AI Navigator for Enterprise to deliver tangible value for our clients.
We help our clients use technology to drive enterprise-wide transformation, which includes:
• building their digital core— such as moving them to the cloud, leveraging data and AI, including generative AI, and embedding security across the enterprise;
• optimizing their operations— such as helping our clients digitize faster, access digital talent and reduce costs as well as through digitizing engineering and manufacturing; and
• accelerating their revenue growth— such as through using technology and creativity to create personalized connections, experiences and targeted sales at scale, leveraging data and AI, transforming content supply chains and marketing and commerce models and helping create new digital services and business models.
Our managed services are strategic for our clients as companies seek to move faster and leverage our digital platforms and talent as well as reduce costs.
We believe our strategy to deliver 360° value makes us an attractive destination for top talent, a trusted partner to our clients and ecosystem partners, and a respected member of our communities.
We believe that the companies that will lead in the next decade need to harness the five key forces of change we have identified—total enterprise reinvention, talent, sustainability, the metaverse continuum and the ongoing technology revolution. We are investing and co-creating with clients and partners to lead in helping our clients thrive across these forces, which we expect to have different time horizons. Today, the demand we continue to see across our geographic markets, services and industries is being primarily driven by the first two, as companies are in the early stages of harnessing these forces. We have summarized below each of the five key forces as we currently see them evolving.
• Total enterprise reinvention, as we believe every part of every business must be transformed by technology, data and AI, with new ways of working and engaging with customers, employees and partners, and new business models, products and services. We are helping clients build their digital core and use new technologies, like generative AI, to optimize operations and accelerate growth.
• Talent, as companies must be able to access great talent, be talent creators not just consumers, and unlock the potential of their people—from the ways they organize and work, to their culture, to their employee value proposition.
• Sustainability, as consumers, employees, business partners, regulators and investors are demanding companies move from commitment to action—we believe every business must be a sustainable business.
• The metaverse continuum, moving seamlessly between virtual and physical, which we believe will provide even greater possibilities in the next waves of digital transformation.
• The ongoing technology revolution , from the rich innovation to come in the powerful technologies, like generative AI, being used to transform companies today, to the new fields of the future, from quantum computing, to science and space technology.
We believe that helping clients navigate these five key forces of change will, in turn, drive our growth.
Accenture 2023 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Our Company
We are Investing in Data & AI to Help Accelerate Our Clients’ Reinvention
In June 2023, we announced an industry-leading $3 billion investment in our Data & AI practice over the next three years to help our clients across all industries rapidly and responsibly advance and use AI to achieve greater growth, efficiency and resilience.
As part of this investment, we are doubling our AI talent to 80,000 people, and we are equipping more than 250,000 people with skills to use new AI tools equitably, sustainably and without bias.
The investment builds on our work in AI for more than 15 years, including more than 1,500 patents and pending patent applications.
Our AI Navigator for Enterprise is a generative AI-based platform designed to help our clients reinvent responsibly with AI, and the Accenture Center for Advanced AI is designed to give clients confidence to move their business forward into the AI era and better navigate extraordinarily rapid change and uncertainty.
In addition to bringing generative AI innovation to our clients, we are embedding it into how we deliver our services and in how we operate—all underpinned by our Responsible AI compliance program.
Accenture 2023 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Our Company
Accenture 2023 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Our Company
Driving Reinvention, Delivering 360° Value
The core of our strategy is delivering 360° value to our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities by helping them continuously reinvent.
We achieved another strong year of financial performance (1) in fiscal 2023, with record new bookings, continued adjusted operating margin expansion and adjusted EPS growth, and very strong cash flow, driving shareholder value creation. These results continue to enable us to deliver 360° value for all our stakeholders.
Revenues
Diluted Earnings Per Share
Free Cash Flow
¡ ¡ ¡
$64.1B
An increase of 4% in U.S. dollars and 8% in local currency from fiscal 2022, including revenues of $30.3 billion from North America, $21.3 billion from Europe (2) and $12.5 billion from Growth Markets
$10.77
A 1% increase from fiscal 2022 EPS of $10.71; after excluding the impact of business optimization costs of $1.28 per share and an investment gain of $0.38 per share, adjusted fiscal 2023 EPS of $11.67 increased 9%
$9.0B
Defined as operating cash flow of $9.5 billion net of property and equipment additions of $528 million, with a free cash flow to net income ratio of 1.3
New Bookings
Operating Margin
Cash Returned to Shareholders
¡ ¡ ¡
$72.2B
An increase of 1% in U.S. dollars and 5% in local currency from fiscal 2022
13.7%
A decrease of 150 basis points from fiscal 2022 operating margin of 15.2%; after excluding business optimization costs of 170 basis points, adjusted operating margin was 15.4%, an expansion of 20 basis points
$7.2B
Defined as cash dividends of $2.8 billion and share repurchases of $4.3 billion . In fiscal 2023, we paid dividends of $4.48 per share, a 15% increase over the prior year
(1) See “Reconciliation of GAAP Measures to Non-GAAP Measures.”
(2) In the first quarter of fiscal 2024, our Middle East and Africa market units moved from Growth Markets to Europe, and the Europe market is now referred to as our Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) geographic market.
Accenture 2023 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Our Company
For the three-year period from the end of fiscal 2020 through fiscal 2023, our performance reflects our consistent focus on creating 360° value for our clients and all our stakeholders.
Broad-Based Revenue Growth
13% CAGR (2) in U.S. dollars and
15% in local currency (1)
Sustained Adjusted Margin Expansion
100 Basis Point Decrease (on a GAAP basis)
70 Basis Point Expansion (on an adjusted basis) (1)(3)
Revenues Operating Margin
Strong Earnings Growth
11% CAGR (on a GAAP basis)
16% CAGR (on an adjusted basis) (1)(4)
Significant Cash Returned to
Shareholders since Fiscal 2020
12% CAGR dividends per share
$19.7 billion returned since Fiscal 2020
Earnings Per Share Cash Returned to Shareholders
Total Shareholder Return (TSR) (5)
(1) See “Reconciliation of GAAP Measures to Non-GAAP Measures.”
(2) “CAGR” means Compound Annual Growth Rate.
(3) FY23 adjusted operating margin of 15.4% excludes business optimization costs of 170 basis points.
(4) FY20 adjusted