Sustainability Committee from 2012 to 2020, which culminated in the selection and appointment of Julie Sweet, our Chair & CEO.
I am pleased with our accomplishments as a Company, including our strategy to be the reinvention partner of choice for our clients and create 360° value. As organizations look to undertake large reinventions, we are well positioned for continued growth, driven by the scale of Accenture‘s expertise and ecosystem relationships, as well as our significant investment and early leadership in generative AI. I am proud of and grateful to our Board for its continued leadership during these transformative times.
Independent Lead Director Succession and New Board Members
I am pleased to share that the independent directors of the Board have nominated Arun Sarin as our next independent Lead Director to succeed me after the completion of the Annual Meeting. Our entire Board is confident that Arun is the right choice as independent Lead Director at this time, with the depth of his knowledge of Accenture and the leadership team, and the reasons further described in our proxy statement.
Arun joined the Board in October 2015, bringing significant global, managerial and financial experience, as well as a strong background in
innovation and technology. He has served as the Chair of the Nominating, Governance & Sustainability Committee since 2020, and he will continue to lead this committee.
One of my priorities as independent Lead Director has been to ensure that our Board continues to be comprised of highly capable Directors with the right experience and sound judgment needed to work closely with management and help Accenture succeed.
With this focus on Board refreshment, I am also pleased to announce the nomination of two new directors to our Board, Masahiko Uotani and Jennifer Nason, who will bring valuable international and financial experience, as further described in our proxy statement.
In addition, Beth Mooney will not be standing for reelection at the upcoming Annual Meeting. We are very grateful to Beth for the many contributions she made to our Board, serving on the Finance Committee as well as the Compensation, Culture & People Committee.
It has been an honor and a privilege to serve as a Director on the Accenture Board. I will remain an attentive shareholder and am confident that Julie and the leadership team have positioned your Company well for the future.
All the best,
Gilles C. Pélisson
Table of Contents
Notice of Annual General Meeting of Shareholders
Date
Thursday, February 6, 2025
Time
12:00 pm local time
Record Date
December 9, 2024
Place
The Dock, 7 Hanover Quay
Grand Canal Dock, Dublin 2, Ireland
Availability of Materials
The proxy statement, our Annual Report for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024, and our Irish financial statements are available at www.proxyvote.com
Items of Business
By separate resolutions appoint the 11 director nominees described in the proxy statement
The Board recommends that you vote “FOR” each director nominee included in