sustainability goals, and create
meaningful experiences, both with Accenture and for the customers and employees of our clients.
We bring industry specific solutions and services as well as cross
industry expertise and leverage our scale and global footprint, innovation capabilities, and strong ecosystem partnerships together with our assets and platforms including MyWizard, MyNav and SynOps to deliver tangible value for our clients.
We help our clients use technology to drive enterprise-wide transformation, which includes:
building their digital core— such as moving them to the cloud, leveraging data and artificial intelligence, and embedding security across the enterprise;
optimizing their operations— such as helping our clients digitize faster, access digital talent and reduce costs as well as through digitizing engineering and manufacturing; and
accelerating their revenue growth— such as through using technology and creativity to create personalized connections, experiences and targeted sales at scale, leveraging data and
AI, transforming content supply chains and marketing and commerce models and helping create new digital services and business models.
Our managed services have become increasingly strategic as companies seek to move faster and leverage our digital
platforms and talent as well as reduce costs.
We believe our strategy to deliver 360° value makes us an attractive destination for top talent, a trusted
partner to our clients and ecosystem partners, and a respected member of our communities.
We believe that the companies that will lead in the next decade need to
harness the five key forces of change we have identified—total enterprise reinvention, talent, sustainability, the metaverse continuum and the ongoing technology revolution. We are investing and
co-creating with clients and partners to lead in helping our clients thrive across these forces, which we expect to have different time horizons. Today, the strong demand we continue to see across our
geographic markets, services and industries is being primarily driven by the first two, as companies are in the early stages of harnessing these forces. We have summarized below each of the five key forces as we currently see them evolving.
Total enterprise reinvention, as we believe every part of every business must be transformed by technology, data and AI, with new ways of working and engaging with customers,
employees and partners, and new business models, products and services. We are helping clients build their digital core, optimize operations and accelerate growth.
Talent, as companies must be able to access great talent, be talent creators not just consumers, and unlock the potential of their people—from the ways they organize and work, to
their culture, to their employee value proposition.
Table of Contents
Sustainability, as consumers, employees, business partners, regulators and investors are demanding companies move from commitment to action—we believe every business must be a
sustainable business.
The metaverse continuum, moving seamlessly between virtual and physical, which we believe will provide even greater possibilities in the next waves of digital transformation.
The ongoing technology revolution, from the rich innovation to come in the powerful technologies being used to transform companies today, to the new fields of the future, from quantum
computing, to science and space technology.
We believe that helping clients navigate these five
key forces of change will, in turn, drive our growth.
Table of Contents
Creating 360° Value
Our strategy is to create 360° value for all our stakeholders—our clients, people, shareholders, partners and communities. We measure our success by both
our financial results and the broader 360° value we create for our stakeholders.
We delivered outstanding financial results in fiscal 2022, with
significant market share gains, sustained profitability, record earnings growth, and excellent free cash flow, driving superior shareholder value. These strong financial results allow us to deliver 360° value for all our stakeholders.
See “Reconciliation of GAAP Measures to Non-GAAP Measures” on pages 90-91.
Table of Contents
For the three-year period from the end of fiscal 2019 through fiscal 2022, our performance demonstrates our focus on
delivering shareholder value.
Broad-Based Revenue Growth
12.5% CAGR* in U.S. dollars and
13.3% in local currency
Revenues
Sustained Margin Expansion
60 basis point expansion
Operating Margin
* “CAGR” means Compound Annual Growth Rate.
Strong Earnings Growth
13% CAGR
Earnings Per
Share
Significant Cash Returned to
Shareholders since Fiscal 2019
10% CAGR dividends per share
Cash Returned to Shareholders
Total Shareholder Return (TSR)**
The cumulative TSR on our Class A shares for the period August 31, 2019 - August 31, 2022, compared with the cumulative
TSR over the same period of the S&P 500 Stock Index and the S&P 500 Information Technology Sector Index, assuming that on August 31, 2019, $100 was invested in our Class A shares and in each of the two indices, with dividends reinvested
on the ex-dividend date without payment of any commissions.
Table of Contents
We continue to invest to create 360° value across our business, people and communities, including in the following
key areas during fiscal 2022:
Table of Contents
viii
Compensation Highlights
Consistent with our pay-for-performance philosophy, 2022 compensation decisions were
aligned with our very strong financial performance in fiscal 2022, as described further under “Executive Compensation—