environmental, social and governance initiatives. In a combined effort with Investor Relations and Legal teams, we reached out to our top 30 shareholders. The discussions
occurred in October through December 2019. The feedback received from our shareholder outreach efforts is communicated to and considered by the Board, and our engagement activities have produced valuable feedback that helps inform our decisions and
our strategy, when appropriate.
Engaged with holders of more than
35% of our shares outstanding ,
including approximately
POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS AND LOBBYING
Pursuant to the Company’s political contributions and lobbying policy, the Company has a long-standing global policy against making contributions to political
parties, political committees or candidates using company resources, even where permitted by law. In the United States, Accenture maintains a political action committee (the “PAC”) that is registered with the Federal Election Commission
and makes federal political contributions on a bipartisan basis to political parties, political committees and candidates. The contributions made by the PAC are not funded by corporate funds and are fully funded by voluntary contributions made by
Accenture Leaders in the United States. The Company does not penalize in any way Accenture Leaders who do not contribute to the PAC.
In addition, when we determine
it is in the best interest of the Company, we work with governments to provide information and perspective that support our point of view, through our lobbyists and grassroots lobbying communications. We disclose our U.S. federal, state and local
lobbying activity and expenditures as required by law. The Audit Committee and senior management have oversight over political, lobbying and other grassroots advocacy activities. The Company’s political contributions and lobbying policy is
available on our website at https://www.accenture.com/us-en/company-political-contributions-policy.
Table of Contents
ACCENTURE 2019 PROXY STATEMENT
Corporate Governance
CORPORATE CITIZENSHIP
Companies have an opportunity to step up and positively impact the world at a scale that makes a difference, and we use our understanding of technology and its impact
to create societies that offer more opportunities to more people. To facilitate our progress and performance, the Nominating & Governance Committee oversees our position and practices on matters related to corporate social responsibility.
COMMITMENT
STARTS
THE TOP
We are committed to delivering value for all our stakeholders. This includes being a responsible business in how we serve our clients, which creates value in our communities and for our people. Helping our clients
succeed has an impact on the millions of people they employ and the communities where we all work and live.
Julie Sweet
Chief Executive Officer
Together we are working to improve
the lives of people around the world, now and for the next generation.
SHAPING RESPONSIBLE
BUSINESS
We have always believed that a
responsible approach to business is fundamental to success.
INNOVATING
FOR SOCIETY
Through the ingenuity of our people, our technology expertise and a broad
ecosystem of partners, we innovate at a scale that helps address significant social issues.
Integrity. A commitment to ethics, human rights and strong corporate
governance are key elements of our business strategy that are essential for growth, give us a competitive advantage and help to safeguard our people, clients, brand and financial performance. We’re proud to have been recognized among
Ethisphere’s World’s Most Ethical Companies for 12 consecutive years.
Sustainability. We are committed to doing our part to protect the planet and to helping those around us pursue their environmental goals. In September 2019, we
announced our commitment to using 100% renewable energy across our global office portfolio by 2023. Shifting to renewable forms of power is a critical step toward achieving the Science-Based Target we set to reduce our absolute greenhouse gas
emissions 11% by 2025 against our 2016 baseline.
Supply Chain. With a
multi-billion-dollar supply chain, we have the purchasing power to drive positive change on a global scale. We work closely with our suppliers to promote shared values and advance key priorities, such as sustainability, inclusion and diversity,
human rights and innovation. Our ambition is to shift the culture of buying both inside and outside our company, while generating long-term value for our clients, our suppliers and our communities.
Technology & Society. We are using the power of new technologies to address a variety of complex societal
challenges in areas such as health, human rights, inclusion and environmental sustainability. Through these technologies, we can create solutions that make a positive, lasting impact for people and communities in ways that were not previously
possible.
Skills to Succeed. Through our Skills to Succeed initiative, we are
addressing—at scale—the global need for skills that open doors to employment and economic opportunity, continually evolving our programs to focus on relevant skills. To date, with our strategic partners, we have equipped more than
2.8 million people with the skills to get a job or build a business, and in 2018 we committed more than US$200 million over the next three years to help equip people around the world with job skills for the digital age.
Social Innovators. Inspired by the difference that our people around the world are making,
we are centralizing how we use innovation to tackle a number of challenging issues. This company-wide initiative brings our innovators together in a virtual community to learn best practices, to create global events and design competitions and to
share ideas and success stories with colleagues around the globe.
Our annual Corporate Citizenship Report explores our goals, progress and performance across our global operations and serves as our
Communication on Progress to the United Nations Global Compact. View our most recent report at https://www.accenture.com/corporatecitizenship.
Table of Contents
ACCENTURE 2019 PROXY STATEMENT
Corporate Governance
Our People
People are our most important source of competitive strength. We are focused on creating a truly human
environment, where our people can be their best selves, both professionally and personally. We have a relentless focus on helping them develop skills to remain at the forefront of both technology and industry. To do this, we invest nearly
US$1 billion annually in continuous learning and professional development opportunities that are customized for each individual and specialized to ensure our people are highly relevant.
We are proud to be recognized as an employer of choice for the world’s innovators by many respected organizations,
including Business Today/People Strong’s Best Companies to Work For in India – 8 consecutive years, The Sunday Times Best 25 Big Companies to Work For in the UK – 4 consecutive years and FORTUNE’s 100 Best Companies to Work For in the US – 11 consecutive
years.
Workplace Respect
Respect for the individual flows through everything we do, helping shape our culture and define our character. We are committed to fostering a
trusting, open and inclusive environment where each person is treated in a manner that reflects our values.
The first fundamental behavior featured in our Code of Business Ethics is “Make Your Conduct Count,” which articulates five locally relevant yet globally
applicable standards that guide our people’s behavior across our diverse organization. The standards are treating each other with respect, conducting ourselves with the highest standards of professional behavior, not engaging in discrimination,
speaking up without fear of retaliation and avoiding personal conflicts of interest.
This
framework creates a foundation for a respectful, inclusive and ethical environment that helps us inspire our people. We believe these ethica