sustainability and climate action, underscoring our commitment to meeting our operational electricity demand with 100% renewable electricity by 2025—a decade ahead of the original goal—through a mix of local and regional solar, wind and green tariffs. We are committed to meeting our net zero targets by 2050. We continued to optimize our AI architecture and minimize the amount of energy required for training and using generative AI by investing in code optimization, minimizing redundant steps, avoiding unnecessary content generation and implementing efficient scheduling and batching strategies.
It’s been an exciting year at Adobe. I'm proud of how our employees around the world embrace our new company values to Create the Future , Own the Outcome , Raise the Bar and Be Genuine while living our purpose. Our strong culture, groundbreaking innovations and progressive workplace policies are helping us hire and retain the best talent in the industry and support our customers, partners and communities. Our employees drive our corporate giving, dedicating their time, donations and skills to maximizing our collective impact. In calendar year 2023, our employee donations and corporate grants and matches reached over $33 million and employees completed over 200,000 hours of volunteer time, supporting over 10,500 organizations worldwide.
We are proud to continue to be recognized for the strength of our brand, culture and industry leadership. Content Credentials and Adobe's approach to responsible AI were recognized by Fast Company as one of the year's breakthrough innovations. We were again named to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index , Glassdoor listed Adobe as one of the best places to work, The Wall Street Journal ranked Adobe in its top 20 best managed companies of 2023 and Interbrand ranked us in the top 20 Best Global Brands as a rising brand for the eighth year in a row.
LOOKING AHEAD
As we look to the decade ahead, Adobe continues to build on its strong foundation of transformative innovation,
category and brand leadership, financial performance and profitable growth. We’re accelerating our momentum, delivering Adobe Magic to an expanding set of global customers and executing on the massive market opportunity ahead. Adobe couldn’t be better positioned for 2024 and beyond.
Thank you for your continued partnership and support.
Sincerely,
Shantanu Narayen
Chair & CEO
Adobe Inc.
Notice of 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Date & Time: Wednesday, April 17, 2024
9:00 a.m. Pacific Time
Location: Virtual
virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ADBE2024
Record Date: Close of business on
February 20, 2024
A list of stockholders eligible to vote at the meeting will be available for review during our regular business hours at our principal executive offices at 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110 for the ten days prior to the meeting for any purpose related to the meeting.
Items of Business
Board Recommendation
Elect twelve members of our Board of Directors named herein to serve for a one-year term.
FOR EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE
Approve the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, to increase the available share reserve by 5 million shares.
Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending on November 29, 2024.
4. Approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers.
5. Vote on two stockholder proposals, if properly presented at the 2024 Annual Meeting.
AGAINST
Only stockholders of record at the close of business on February 20, 2024 are entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the 2024 Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.
You may attend the 2024 Annual Meeting by visiting virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ ADBE2024 . There is no physical location for the 2024 Annual Meeting. For more information about the 2024 Annual Meeting, please see page 96 of the proxy.
Your vote is important. Please vote as soon as possible. You may vote your shares using the methods below.
Vote in Advance of the Meeting Vote Online During the Meeting
: Go to proxyvote.com and enter the 16-digit control number found in your Notice of Internet Availability or proxy card.
See “ Information about the Meeting, Voting and Proxies – Participating in Our Virtual Annual Meeting ” on page 97 for more information.
( Call toll-free 1-800-690-6903 .
+ Sign, date and return the proxy card or voting instruction form you received by mail.
By order of the Board of Directors,
Dana Rao
Executive Vice President, General Counsel &
Chief Trust Officer, and Secretary
March 1, 2024
San Jose, California
Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements
In addition to historical information, this proxy statement contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of applicable securities laws, including statements related to product development plans and new or enhanced offerings; our business, AI and innovation momentum; market opportunity and future growth; market and AI trends; strategic investments; industry positioning; customer acquisition and retention; and our environmental, social and governance goals, commitments and strategies. When used in this proxy statement, the words “will,” “expects,” “could,” “would,” “may,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “targets,” “estimates,” “looks for,” “looks to,” “continues” and similar expressions, as well as statements regarding our focus for the future, are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Each of the forward-looking statements we make in this proxy statement is based on information available to us as of the date of this proxy statement and involves risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Such risks and uncertainties, many of which relate to matters beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled “Risk Factors” and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Adobe’s other filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Undue reliance should not be placed on the financial information set forth in this report, which reflects estimates based on information available at this time. Adobe assumes no obligation to, and does not currently intend to, update these forward-looking statements.
No Incorporation By Reference
This proxy statement includes several website addresses and references to additional materials and reports found on those websites. These websites, materials and reports are not incorporated by reference herein.
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement Summary
About Adobe
Fiscal Year 2023 Financial Highlights
Director Nominees
Corporate Governance Highlights
Stockholde r Engagement
Executive Compensation Highlights
Environmental, Social and Governance
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Framework
Board Responsibilities and Structure
The Board’s Role in Risk Oversight
Board Leadership Structure
Committees of the Board
Board Meetings and Attendance
Director Independence
Certain Relationships and Related Persons Transactions
Corporate Governance Guidelines & Codes of Business Conduct and Ethics
Board Evaluation
Communications with the Board
Our Directors
Director Attributes and Demographics
Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees
Director Nominees
Director Compensation for Fiscal Year 2023
Executive Compensation