Sustainability Index (DJSI) World” - the gold standard of corporate responsibility reporting for the investor community and one of only six software companies worldwide to place on the index;
Receipt of a perfect score on the 2019 Corporate Equality Index report from the Human Rights Campaign Foundation;
Climbing to #51 on Interbrand’s 2018 list of Best 100 Global Brands;
Making advancements in our 100% renewable energy by 2035 commitment, including 100% of our Bangalore, India electricity load covered by a solar power purchase agreement and signing a wind agreement that will match 100% of our California electricity demand;
Achieving pay parity between women and men globally across nearly 40 countries; and
Continued emphasis on key sustainability and social impact objectives as Adobe continues to impact our environment and our community, donating millions of dollars to charitable causes (directly and through the Adobe Foundation), and serving in the community through our employees, who contributed thousands of hours volunteering through pro bono initiatives and Adobe-sponsored programs.
Fiscal Year 2018 Compensation Highlights
Our executive compensation programs are designed to directly tie the outcomes of our incentive compensation awards for our executive officers to the achievement of our key strategic performance objectives and returns to our stockholders, and drive the creation of sustainable long-term stockholder value. Our fiscal year 2018 compensation programs reflected this philosophy, and compensation earned reflected our business achievements discussed above.
Cash Incentive Plan - In 2018, the Executive Compensation Committee streamlined and simplified the structure of our executive cash incentive plan, while continuing to emphasize Digital Media ARR and Digital Experience subscription bookings to drive growth in our strategic businesses. The modified plan allows the Committee to make an adjustment of up to 25 percentage points up or down based on its evaluation of the company’s performance against its corporate priorities and objectives. Additionally, as in previous years, an executive’s individual performance is a key component in the calculation of their incentive award.
Cash Incentive Plan Performance - With record revenue, ARR in our Digital Media business, and strong bookings in Digital Experience, the Financial Performance Result under our 2018 cash incentive plan was 110%. For more discussion of cash awards, see the section captioned “Cash Incentives” below.
Performance Share Program Result - The three-year performance period under Adobe’s 2016 Performance Share Program closed at the end of our 2018 fiscal year. Under this program, shares were earned based on relative total stockholder return (“TSR”) over a three-year performance period, during which Adobe achieved a total return of approximately 195%. During the performance period, the price of Adobe’s common stock increased from $85.48 to $251.77 (using the 90 calendar day averages preceding the beginning and end of the performance period). With this performance, our percentile rank among the companies included in the NASDAQ 100 Index as of November 28, 2015 was approximately 96th, which under the plan resulted in each of the participants being awarded performance shares equal to 200% of the executive’s target number of shares.
Continued Emphasis on Pay for Performance - Approximately 89% of our CEO’s target compensation in fiscal year 2018 was comprised of equity awards. A substantial percentage (50%) of those awards are based on relative TSR (compared against companies included in the NASDAQ 100 Index) over a three-year performance period issued under our Performance Share Program, with the balance of equity value issued as time-based RSUs that vest annually over three years. This means that, unless we achieve the TSR performance objective of the Performance Share Program each year and over the long-term, our CEO and other executive officers will not realize the full potential value of their long-term incentive compensation.
Table of Contents
Further, because Adobe common stock underlies our equity-based compensation awards, the immediate value of these awards is subject to fluctuations in our stock price, strongly aligning the interests of our executive officers, including our CEO, with those of our stockholders.
Our pay-for-performance philosophy is reflected in the pie charts below, which depict the composition of our CEO and other NEOs’ targeted 2018 compensation:
Mr. Narayen’s and Other NEOs’ Target Pay Mix (1)(2)
The mechanism for calculating target equity award values is described in detail under “Equity Incentives— Equity Compensation Mix.” The amounts shown for our other NEOs represent their average target pay mix. For the actual grant date fair value of equity awards, computed in accordance with stock-based compensation accounting principles, please see “Executive Compensation—Summary Compensation Table.”
(2) The RSUs for All Other NEOs excludes Mr. Belsky’s December 6, 2017 new hire award of $7,500,000 and Mr. Murphy’s April 9, 2018 promotion award of $5,000,000.
Response to 2018 Say-on-Pay Vote and Stockholder Feedback
Adobe values the input of our stockholders on our compensation programs. We hold an advisory vote on executive compensation on an annual basis. We also regularly communicate with our stockholders to better understand their opinions on governance issues, including compensation. The Executive Compensation Committee carefully considers stockholder feedback and the outcome of each vote when reviewing our executive compensation programs each year.
At our 2018 annual meeting, approximately 95% of the votes cast approved, on an advisory basis, our NEO compensation and disclosures for fiscal year 2017. This percentage of votes in favor of our compensation approach continued to validate our programs. In particular, we believe the strong approval was largely driven by the following attributes of our fiscal year 2017 executive compensation programs: (1) the high degree of alignment between company performance and our executive compensation programs; (2) basing our Performance Share Program with a three-year performance period on a single objective metric—relative TSR—closely aligning the compensation opportunity of our NEOs to long-term stockholder interests; and (3) basing our short-term cash incentive program on financial metrics that align with our growth strategy.
While we welcome stockholder interaction throughout the year, we generally engage in stockholder outreach during two key periods each fiscal year: (1) leading up to our annual meeting of stockholders and (2) during the months of September and October, when Adobe’s management, Executive Compensation Committee and its independent compensation consultant are in the preliminary planning stages for the subsequent year’s compensation programs. During 2018, we engaged with several of our largest stockholders in discussions regarding our existing programs and potential changes for the future, and we value the input received during those discussions. We expect to
Table of Contents
continue stockholder engagement throughout fiscal year 2019 as we consider potential changes to our compensation programs in the future.
Compensation Approach in Fiscal Year 2019
In addition to taking stockholder feedback into account, the Committee has evaluated a number of other factors discussed below in making decisions about our executive compensation approach. Following this evaluation, the Committee determined not to make any significant changes to our cash incentive plan design for fiscal year 2019.
The Committee chose to generally continue the approach to the equity compensation program from recent fiscal years for fiscal year 2019, but amended the vesting schedule for time-based RSU grants. In order to more closely align with our peers and strengthen employee retention incentives, these RSUs will now be four-year award