climate change. While these realities persist in 2021, the new year represents an opportunity to reflect on the unity, purpose, and hope that emerged. Around the globe, people came together to help slow the spread of COVID-19. Human ingenuity and science prevailed, with vaccines and therapies developed in record time. Companies, leaders, and communities pledged their commitment to foster a more equal and diverse world for everyone. We witnessed the power of digital to connect us, enable us to speak out, and fuel every aspect of how we live, learn, work, and play.
Adobe’s mission – to Change the World Through Digital Experiences – proved to be more relevant than ever. The benefits of our innovation help millions across the globe – from the creative professional, to students, governments, small businesses, and the largest multinational enterprises –create, be productive, and develop and deliver the world’s best digital experiences.
Our resilience is rooted in an unwavering focus on our employees, groundbreaking innovation, and our purpose, which is to harness the best of Adobe to make a significant impact in the world. It is this clarity that has driven our continued growth and success, making Adobe one of the most trusted and revered brands around the globe.
A Momentous 2020
People come first, and our top priority remains the health and wellbeing of our employees. Adobe took swift action to direct teams to work from home, suspend travel, and cancel in-person events. We pledged no layoffs and undertook a companywide reprioritization exercise to ensure we were focused on the initiatives that would drive the most long-term impact. We increased the frequency of our communications, surveyed employees regularly, and rolled out new benefits and programs to meet their needs. Our employee engagement numbers have actually increased
over the last year, a testament to our strong culture and values.
To help our customers make the transformational shift to digital overnight, we provisioned 30 million students at home with Adobe Creative Cloud and provided teachers with distance learning support. We offered our web-based PDF services on Adobe.com to assist with document productivity while working from home. We implemented a rapid response program to help governments digitize critical workstreams and engage with their constituents during a pivotal time.
As a product company at our core, Adobe’s innovation engine continued to fire on all cylinders. In Adobe Creative Cloud, we delivered significant product innovation that extended our applications to multiple surfaces and broke new ground in emerging categories, while improving customer engagement. In Adobe Document Cloud, we introduced Liquid Mode, which harnesses the power of Adobe Sensei, our artificial intelligence and machine learning technology, to decipher unstructured PDFs and make them responsive on mobile devices. We delivered more capabilities for document verbs – editing, sharing, scanning, and signing – across desktop, web, mobile, and through frictionless PDF services. In Adobe Experience Cloud, we launched new capabilities in Adobe Experience Platform to expand real-time customer profiles, Intelligent Services to further the use of artificial intelligence in organizations, and Customer Journey Analytics to unify and activate cross-channel data. We closed our acquisition of Workfront, the leading work management platform for marketers, furthering our vision to establish an industry-leading marketing system of record.
As the digital experiences company, we paved the path to leadership and innovation in a digital economy. Adobe MAX, our annual creativity conference, was an around-the-clock digital event like none other, featuring some of the biggest names in creativity and garnering 21 million views. Harnessing data from trillions of transactions powered by Adobe Experience Cloud, we provided a unique, real-time assessment of the economy with the Adobe Digital Economy Index, giving companies a view of digital commerce trends to help them manage their businesses in a dynamic market.
Our leadership extends to not only what we do, but how we do it. We were a top riser on Interbrand’s Best Global Brands list for the 5th year in a row, consistently named a best place to work globally, and a leader in diversity and sustainability through the Bloomberg Equality Index, CDP Climate Change A List, and Dow Jones Sustainability Index. We earned the top spot in Fortune’s Blue Ribbon list for appearing on seven of its ten most rigorous annual rankings.
All of this culminated in another strong fiscal year for Adobe. We achieved $12.87 billion in revenue, representing 15% year-over-year growth. We surpassed $10 billion in Digital Media ARR in Q4, marking a significant milestone. We generated a massive $5.73 billion in cash flows from operations and continue to create tremendous shareholder value. Our strong financial discipline and ability to drive top and bottom-line growth at scale is unparalleled, and we are well-positioned to capture the expansive market opportunities ahead of us.
Growth Strategy
Adobe has always been relentlessly focused on looking around the corner, driving towards the next big market opportunity to solve customer challenges and anticipate their needs. Our bold ambitions, combined with world-class execution, have enabled our continuous growth for nearly four decades.
Today, every industry is experiencing a tectonic shift towards all things digital at an unprecedented pace, and Adobe is the leader in three massive, growing categories – creativity, documents, and customer experience management – all of which are at the nexus of this digital revolution. Our strategy of Unleashing Creativity, Accelerating Document Productivity, and Powering Digital Businesses is driving our success across every geography and audience.
Last year, we saw the profound ability creativity has to empower people to connect, learn, and cope. Everyone – from the individual creative using art to advocate for change, to the student submitting their next school assignment, to the creative professional designing a website – has a story to tell. Content is fueling the global economy, with new devices, channels, and modalities leading to an explosion of content creation and consumption. With Adobe Creative Cloud, we are Unleashing Creativity – giving anyone, anywhere the tools to express their creativity. We are the leader in core creative categories like photography, design, video, and illustration, and we are expanding our leadership in emerging categories like screen design and immersive media. We are building solutions for every surface and system and making the creative process more collaborative and seamless across mediums. Applications like Illustrator for iPad, Photoshop Camera, Rush, and Spark are expanding our customer universe, advancing our vision to democratize creativity.
The shift to remote work has made digital workflows even more mission-critical in powering the modern business. The paper-to-digital transformation is accelerating, and cloud and mobile are reshaping how we work, enabling greater collaboration and efficiencies across dispersed teams. With Adobe Document Cloud, we are Accelerating Document Productivity , reinventing how people view, share, and engage with documents. Our mission is to enable all document actions – what we call Acrobat verbs – to be frictionless across web and mobile, leveraging our ubiquitous PDF format. Through Adobe Sensei, our artificial intelligence and machine learning technology, we are deciphering trillions of unstructured PDFs to unlock their value. Supported with a rich set of APIs, Adobe Document Cloud provides a cloud ecosystem that is revolutionizing how applications and services are built.
Every business has become a digital business, and the imperative for customer experience management has never been more real. With Adobe Experience Cloud, we are Powering Digital Businesse