climate change, and businesses must step up to lead the fight.
In our pursuit to achieve 100% renewable energy by 2035, we quadrupled our renewable electricity deployment in 2019 without the use of offsets or unbundled renewable energy credits — and we will exceed 50% renewable electricity by 2022.
Through our products, we’re working to help our customers conserve natural resources. For example, for every 1 million transactions that use Adobe Sign instead of traditional printing, we save an estimated 27 million gallons of water, 1.5 million pounds of waste and 23.4 million pounds of CO2e. Creative Cloud enables design, digital prototyping and workflows that reduce physical production and transportation and their accompanying emissions.
As a result of these actions and our unwavering commitment to protect our planet, we were proud to be named to both the Dow Jones Sustainability Index and the CDP A List in 2019 for the fourth consecutive year.
Looking Ahead
After more than 20 years at Adobe, what energizes me and makes me proud is seeing the far-reaching impact Adobe technologies have today and the future we can build. As CEO of Adobe, my greatest joy comes from seeing our customers light up when they talk about our products — whether that’s running into a Lightroom user in a coffee shop who proudly shows me his latest creation, talking to a small business owner who is using Adobe Scan, Adobe Acrobat and Adobe Sign to go paperless, or meeting with a CEO from a financial services company that’s transforming her business with Experience Cloud. Their passion and creativity are contagious and inspire us to continue to create game-changing innovations.
Our 23,000 global employees endeavor to have a resounding impact on creativity, business and society and are committed to furthering our mission to Change the World Through Digital Experiences. As we think about the opportunity ahead, we believe our long-term success rests on our ability to focus on our employees, customers and communities just as much as the bottom line.
With our strong track record of performance, compelling strategy, exceptional team, loyal customers and strong values to guide us, we are well-positioned in this new decade and beyond. Adobe’s best days are ahead, and I am honored to lead such an exceptional company. Thank you for your support.
Sincerely,
Shantanu Narayen
Chairman, President & CEO
Adobe Inc.
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Date
Thursday, April 9, 2020
Time
9:00am Pacific Time
Location
Almaden Tower
Adobe San Jose
151 Almaden Boulevard. San Jose, California 95110
Record Date
Close of business on February 12, 2020
A list of stockholders eligible to vote at the meeting will be available for review during our regular business hours at our headquarters in San Jose, California for the ten days prior to the meeting for any purpose related to the meeting.
Items of Business
Board Recommendation
1. Elect eleven members of our Board of Directors named herein to serve for a one-year term.
FOR each director nominee
2. Approve the 2020 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, which amends and restates the 1997 Employee Stock Purchase Plan.
3. Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending on November 27, 2020.
4. Approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers.
5. Consider and vote upon one stockholder proposal.
AGAINST
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials : We are mailing to most of our stockholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the “Notice”) instead of a paper copy of this proxy statement and our 2019 Annual Report. The Notice contains instructions on how to access those documents over the Internet, as well as how to request a paper copy of our proxy materials, including this proxy statement, our 2019 Annual Report, and a form of proxy card. All stockholders who have previously requested a paper copy of our proxy materials will continue to receive a paper copy of the proxy materials by mail.
Your vote is important. Please vote as soon as possible. You may vote your shares via a toll-free telephone number or over the Internet. If you received a proxy card or voting instruction card by mail, you may submit your proxy card or voting instruction card by signing, dating and mailing it in the envelope provided .
By order of the Board of Directors,
Dana Rao
Executive Vice President, General Counsel &
Corporate Secretary
February 28, 2020
San Jose, California
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement for 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Table of Contents
Page
Information Concerning Solicitation and Voting
Questions and Answers
Board of Directors and Corporate Governance
Our Board of Directors
Considerations in Evaluating Director Nominees
Director Nominees
Independence of Directors
Board Leadership Structure
Fiscal Year 2019 Board and Committee Meetings
Committees of the Board
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Transactions with Related Persons
Communications with the Board
Corporate Governance Guidelines and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics
The Board’s Role in Risk Oversight
Risk Analysis of Performance-Based Compensation Plans
Board Evaluation
Director Compensation
Environmental, Social, and Governance
Executive Officers
Executive Compensation