sustainability goals by lessening our collective impact on the earth. For immersive environments to succeed, they will have to be filled with rich, interactive, creative content, truly ownable digital assets and deliver uniquely engaging events and experiences—all areas where Adobe will play a pivotal role. The total addressable market for Creative Cloud is projected to be approximately $63 billion in 2024.
With Adobe Document Cloud, we are Accelerating Document Productivity by powering the paper-to-digital revolution as remote and hybrid work become increasingly ingrained in our daily lives. Our strategy of innovating our ubiquitous PDF format to enable frictionless document actions across web, desktop and mobile is paying big dividends. With PDF now the de-facto standard for business-to-business collaboration, we are deepening integrations between Adobe Acrobat and Adobe Sign to continue to extend the value of Acrobat in eSignature workflows. We remain committed to making PDF more intelligent for both interacting and reading. Using the power of artificial intelligence (AI) with Adobe Sensei, Document Cloud is automating workflows, adding new value across all document “verbs” and enabling new levels of productivity for small businesses, nonprofits and enterprises alike. We are unlocking business workflows through our PDF and Sign APIs and empowering developers to build document automation solutions that transform how their businesses work. The addressable market for Document Cloud is projected to grow to $32 billion by 2024.
With Adobe Experience Cloud, we are Powering Digital Business to deliver personalization at scale in a rapidly changing digital economy. Brands must address consumers’ rising expectations for engaging content that is personalized to their interests, needs and preferences—while protecting the privacy and security of their data. Adobe offers the most comprehensive set of solutions for building these personalized experiences, leveraging advanced content creation tools, business-changing insights, and real-time customer data from the industry’s only enterprise-grade Customer Data Platform. Taken together, these solutions empower businesses to deliver personalized experiences to millions of people in milliseconds. Our total addressable market for Adobe Experience Cloud is estimated to be $110 billion in 2024.
Underpinning our three clouds is the magic and power of Adobe Sensei—a significant differentiator and an enabler to
more rapid innovation with a people-centered focus that allows us to enhance human endeavor in an ethical, responsible and inclusive way. We are hard at work making AI better for both our customers and our communities by amplifying human creativity, intelligence and ingenuity in service of cutting-edge digital experiences. The combined addressable market across our three clouds is estimated to be $205 billion in 2024.
For our next decade of growth, we will continue to build on our strong track record of creating and leading categories. We’re thinking more expansively about each part of the business and expanding the customers we serve—from first-time creators, communicators and students to small businesses and the largest global enterprises. We’re delivering leading products, services and platforms that stand the test of time. We are optimizing our data-driven operating model and continuously innovating business models to deliver value more rapidly to customers, capitalize on market opportunities and enable new monetization approaches. Our technologies support a vibrant and growing global ecosystem of partners and developers—across ISVs, system integrators, digital agencies and technology vendors—that create, customize and extend our solutions to the unique needs of our joint customers.
Our Purpose
At Adobe, we believe that it is not just what you do, but how you do it that matters. We have always been committed to building a company that does the right thing by focusing on people, purpose and community. This core set of values has guided our evolution and growth over the past four decades and inspires our employees around the world to focus on having more impact and inventing the future. There are three key areas in which we are uniquely positioned and motivated to make a difference: Adobe for All; Creativity for All; and Technology to Transform.
Adobe for All: We believe that everyone deserves equal treatment and opportunity and that the best way to drive change is to start within Adobe, by building a diverse and inclusive culture that represents and celebrates different perspectives. Greater representation leads to a virtuous cycle of more role models, advancement, growth and meaningful innovations for our customers and communities. We continue to be a leader in pay and opportunity parity and we are committed to growing our talent pipeline and increasing global diversity across the company and in leadership positions.
As part of our ongoing efforts to prepare students from diverse backgrounds with strong technology and creativity skills, Adobe established partnerships with Historically Black Colleges and Universities and Hispanic-serving Institutions. Each university received a $1 million donation from Adobe as part of our newly launched Anchor School Program to prepare students for jobs in the technology and creative industries.
In the last year, we have focused on supporting the protection and advancement of equal access to opportunities for marginalized and underrepresented groups. As a first step in this effort, Adobe, with financial support from the Adobe Foundation, launched a 3-year Equity and Advancement Initiative with 11 leading global Non-Governmental Organizations, including OutRightAction International, Human Rights Watch and Equal Justice Initiative, that will seek to address systemic barriers to opportunity and advance social equity. Through this model, the Adobe Foundation and the company are making long-term, strategic commitments and investing a minimum of $20 million over three years to provide meaningful partnership opportunities, learning experiences for employees and new ways of leveraging Adobe’s unique strengths in support of issues key to Adobe and our communities.
Creativity for All: We believe everyone is creative and has the right to share their story, which will create a richer world for all of us. We are committed to leading the way in empowering creators of all ages and backgrounds to access the tools, skills and platforms they need to express themselves, reach their full potential and share their unique and diverse perspectives with the world.
As part of our longstanding commitment to create greater opportunities for all, we have much to be proud of over the last year: our work with Sundance Ignite is empowering talented young filmmakers from around the world with mentorship and support to pursue the next step in their careers; our Diverse Voices platform is showcasing stories of diverse creators from a spectrum of disciplines; our Khan Academy partnership is providing millions of students throughout the world with high-quality educational resources and fluency in creative skills; our Creative Residency program has supported hundreds of creators from 45 countries through resources, mentorship and grants to bring their creative projects to life; and the many schools and organizations globally that we enable with our products. We are using our platform to give everyone the opportunity to tell their story.
Technology to Transform: As one of the world’s most innovative software companies whose products touch billions of people, we must take the impact of our technology as seriously as the development of the technology itself. As we continue to bring transformational technologies to market, we are committed to advancing the responsible use of technology for the good of society. Our innovations are making a significant impact through areas such as Content Authenticity, AI Ethics, Priv