Sustainability. Our people-centered approach to AI seeks to enhance—rather than replace—human endeavor. All new AI features and
innovations released in 2022 were developed in accordance with Adobe’s AI ethics principles of accountability, responsibility and transparency. The Content Authenticity Initiative, which we lead, now counts over 900 partners across software, hardware, media, NGOs and education, all committed to combatting misinformation and providing attribution for creators. As part of our security compliance strategy, Adobe pioneered a Common Controls Framework enabling our cloud products, services, platforms and operations to achieve and track compliance with various security certifications, standards and regulations such as ISO, HIPAA, FedRAMP and others.
Adobe is committed to sustainability and climate action through our products and operations. Our cloud-based products are significantly reducing paper-based waste by accelerating the paper-to-digital transformation and enabling digital collaboration that reduces physical waste and emissions. Estimates show that paper-to-digital workflows powered by Document Cloud eliminate over 2.5 billion pounds of greenhouse gas per year in the U.S. alone. Our Substance 3D tools allow campaigns to be designed and shot virtually, eliminating the environmental cost of materials, manufacturing and travel. We continue our focus on renewable energy across our sites, including opening our Founders Tower in San Jose in 2023—which is the first all-electric building of its scale powered by 100% renewable energy in Silicon Valley. We are on track to meet our original 2035 renewable electricity goal by 2025.
Our 28,000+ employees across 28 countries bring our mission to life, working together to create change in the communities where we live and work. We are building our culture for our next decades of growth and empowering our employees to Create the Future , Own the Outcome , Raise the Bar and Be Genuine . These values come to life through the amazing talent we’re able to attract and retain and extend to how we support our customers, partners and communities. We continue to offer progressive workplace policies, such as expanded family leave, cancer support, adoption assistance and robust healthcare benefits. We are building our future workforce through our burgeoning internship program and collaborative projects with top universities around the world. Our employees are at the center of our philanthropic approach, offering their time, donations and talents to make the largest collective impact. In calendar year 2022, our employee donations and matching program reached $28 million and employees completed over 144,000 hours of volunteer time, supporting over 79,000 organizations worldwide.
Our brand and culture remain among the most respected in the industry. Adobe was once again named to Interbrand’s Best Global Brands list as a top riser for the seventh year in a row and to The Wall Street Journal’s Best Managed Companies , ranking #1 for Employee Engagement and Development.
Looking Ahead
Over the past four decades, Adobe’s continuous innovation and leadership have empowered billions of people around the globe to imagine, create and deliver the best digital experiences. We have always distinguished ourselves by looking around the corner to make transformational moves that propel the company and the industry forward. We’ve embraced invention and reinvention to better serve our customers, expand into new markets and deliver the best of Adobe to our stakeholders.
We have everything it takes to continue our success in the future: massive market opportunities; a proven ability to create and expand categories that transform markets; an expansive product portfolio that serves a growing universe of customers; revolutionary technology platforms that advance our industry leadership and competitive advantage; an expanding ecosystem that delivers even greater value to customers; strong business fundamentals; and the most dedicated and talented employees. I have never been more certain that Adobe’s best days are ahead.
Thank you for your continued partnership and support.
Shantanu Narayen
Chairman & CEO
Adobe Inc.
Notice of 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Date & Time: Thursday, April 20, 2023
9:00 a.m. Pacific Time
Location: Virtual
virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ADBE2023
Record Date: Close of business on
February 21, 2023
A list of stockholders eligible to vote at the meeting will be available for review during our regular business hours at our principal executive offices at 345 Park Avenue, San Jose, California 95110 for the ten days prior to the meeting for any purpose related to the meeting and will be available during the entire time of the virtual meeting.
ITEMS OF BUSINESS BOARD RECOMMENDATION
Elect twelve members of our Board of Directors named herein to serve for a one-year term.
FOR EACH DIRECTOR NOMINEE
Approve the 2019 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, to increase the available share reserve by 12,000,000 shares.
Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for our fiscal year ending on December 1, 2023.
4. Approve, on an advisory basis, the compensation of our named executive officers.
5. Approve, on an advisory basis, the frequency of the advisory vote on executive compensation. FOR 1 YEAR
(ANNUAL VOTE)
6. Vote on one stockholder proposal, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting. AGAINST
You may participate in the Annual Meeting by visiting virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ ADBE2023 . There is no physical location for the Annual Meeting. For more information about the Annual Meeting, please see page 88 of the proxy.
Your vote is important. Please vote as soon as possible. You may vote your shares using the methods below.
Vote in Advance of the Meeting Vote Online During the Meeting
: Go to proxyvote.com and enter the 16-digit control number found in your Notice of Internet Availability or proxy card.
See “ Information about the Meeting, Voting and Proxies – Participating in Our Virtual Annual Meeting ” on page 89 for more information.
( Call toll-free 1-800-690-6903 .
+ Sign, date and return the proxy card or voting instruction form you received by mail.
By order of the Board of Directors,
Dana Rao
Executive Vice President, General Counsel &
Chief Trust Officer
March 3, 2023
San Jose, California
Special Note About Forward-Looking Statements
This proxy statement includes statements regarding future plans, expectations, beliefs, intentions and prospects that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this proxy statement. The words “will,” “expects,” “could,” “would,” “may,” “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “believes,” “seeks,” “targets,” “estimates,” “looks for,” “looks to,” “continues” and similar expressions, as well as statements regarding our focus for the future, are generally intended to identify forward-looking statements. Each of the forward-looking statements we make in this proxy statement involves risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the sections titled “Risk Factors” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” of our Forms 10-K and 10-Q with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Undue reliance should not be placed on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this proxy statement. We undertake no obligation to publicly release any revisions to the forward-looking statements or reflect events or circumstances after the date of this proxy statement, except as required