sustainability, diversity and inclusion) where he oversaw Sempra Energy’s regulated U.S. utilities and the Sempra North American Infrastructure Group
from May 2018 until his retirement in January 2020. Previously from 2017 to 2018, Mr. Householder served as Sempra Energy’s Corporate Group President, Infrastructure Businesses overseeing the company’s operations in midstream,
liquefied natural gas and renewable energy and Mexico. From 2011 to 2016, Mr. Householder was the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Sempra Energy. He also served as Chief Accounting Officer of Sempra Energy from 2007 to
2012. From 2006 to 2011, Mr. Householder was Senior Vice President and Controller of Sempra Energy responsible for financial reporting, accounting and controls and tax functions for all Sempra Energy companies. Prior to this role, he served as
Vice President of Corporate Tax and Chief Tax Counsel for Sempra Energy. Prior to joining Sempra Energy in 2001, Mr. Householder was a partner at PricewaterhouseCoopers in the firm’s national tax office. From 1986 to 1999, he served in a
number of legal and financial roles at Unocal Corporation, including ultimately as Vice President of Corporate Development and Assistant Chief Financial Officer, where he was responsible for worldwide tax planning, financial reporting and
forecasting and mergers and acquisitions. He holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration from the University of Southern California and a Juris Doctor degree from Loyola Law School.
Director Qualifications: Mr. Householder brings to the Board significant financial and operational expertise as a result of his chief
financial officer experience at Sempra Energy, his experience as a partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers and his experience at Unocal Corporation.
John W. Marren
Director since February 2017
Age: 58
Board Committees: Audit and Finance Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee
Mr. Marren has served as Senior Managing Director, North America of Temasek (a sovereign wealth
fund of the government of Singapore) since November 2017. Prior to joining Temasek, Mr. Marren was a Senior Partner and the Head of Technology Investments of TPG Capital (a private equity investment company) from 2000 until his retirement in
December 2015. From 1996 through 2000, Mr. Marren was a Managing Director at Morgan Stanley (a global financial services company), most recently as Co-Head of the Technology Investment Banking Group. From
1992 to 1996, he was a Managing Director and Senior Semiconductor Research Analyst at Alex Brown & Sons (an investment company). While at Morgan Stanley and Alex Brown & Sons, Mr. Marren was a frequent member of the
Institutional Investor All-American Research Team, which recognizes the top research analysts on Wall Street. Prior to Alex Brown, Mr. Marren spent seven years in the semiconductor industry working for
VLSI Technology and Vitesse Semiconductor. Mr. Marren has been a member of the board of directors of Poshmark, Inc. since July 2018. Mr. Marren currently serves on the board of directors of Impossible Foods Inc., a private company. He is a
Trustee of the University of California, Santa Barbara, and he serves on the US Olympic and Paralympic Foundation Board. Mr. Marren holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Electrical Engineering from the University of California, Santa
Barbara.
Director Qualifications: Mr. Marren brings to the Board extensive experience with financial management and technology as well
as capital market expertise as a result of his prior work at TPG Capital and Morgan Stanley. Mr. Marren also provides the Board with valuable corporate governance insight from his past and present service on private and public company boards.
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. | 2021 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
2021 NOTICE OF MEETING AND PROXY
STATEMENT
Item 1—Election of Directors
(continued)
Dr. Lisa T. Su
Director since October 2014
Age:
Dr. Lisa T. Su is AMD’s President and Chief Executive Officer, a
position she has held since October 2014, and serves on our Board of Directors. Previously, from July 2014 to October 2014, she was Chief Operating Officer responsible for AMD’s business units, sales, and global operations teams. Dr. Su
joined AMD in January 2012 as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Global Business Units and was responsible for driving end-to-end business execution of AMD
products and solutions. Prior to joining AMD, Dr. Su served as Senior Vice President and General Manager, Networking and Multimedia at Freescale Semiconductor, Inc. (a semiconductor manufacturing company), and was responsible for global
strategy, marketing and engineering for the company’s embedded communications and applications processor business. Dr. Su joined Freescale in 2007 as Chief Technology Officer, where she led the company’s technology roadmap and
research and development efforts.
Dr. Su spent the previous 13 years at IBM in various engineering and business leadership positions, including
Vice President of the Semiconductor Research and Development Center responsible for the strategic direction of IBM’s silicon technologies, joint development alliances and semiconductor R&D operations. Prior to IBM, she was a member of the
technical staff at Texas Instruments Incorporated from 1994 to 1995.
Dr. Su has a Bachelor of Science, Master of Science and Doctorate degrees
in Electrical Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). She has published more than 40 technical articles and was named a Fellow of the Institute of Electronics and Electrical Engineers in 2009. In 2017, Dr. Su was named
one of the “World’s 50 Greatest Leaders” by Fortune Magazine and the “Top Ranked Semiconductor CEO” by Institutional Investor Magazine. In 2018, Dr. Su was elected to the National Academy of Engineering and received the
Dr. Morris Chang Exemplary Leadership Award from the Global Semiconductor Alliance. In 2019, Dr. Su was named one of the World’s 50 Best CEOs by Barron’s, one of the “Most Powerful Women in Business” by Fortune Magazine
and she was included in The Bloomberg 50 list of people who defined the year. In 2020, Fortune named Dr. Su #2 on its “Business Person of the Year” list, she was elected to the American Academy of Arts & Science, and she
received the Semiconductor Industry Association’s highest honor, the Robert N. Noyce Award. Dr. Su has been a member of the board of Cisco Systems, Inc. since January 2020. She also serves on the board of directors for the Semiconductor
Industry Association and the Global Semiconductor Alliance.
Director Qualifications: As our President and Chief Executive Officer,
Dr. Su brings to the Board her expertise and proven leadership in the global semiconductor industry as well as valuable insight into our operations, management and culture, providing an essential link between the management and the Board on
management’s perspectives.
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES, INC. | 2021 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
2021 NOTICE OF MEETING AND PROXY
STATEMENT
Item 1—Election of
Directors (continued)
Abhi Y. Talwalkar
Director since June 2017
Age: 57
Board Committees: Compensation and Leadership Resources Committee, Innovation and Technology Committee and Nominating and Corporate Governance
Committee
Mr. Talwalkar was President and Chief Executive Officer of LSI Corporation (a semiconductor and
software company) from May 2005 until the completion of LSI’s merger with Avago Technologies Limited in May 2014. From 1993 to 2005, Mr. Talwalkar held a number of senior management positions at Intel Corporation (a semiconductor company),
including Corporate Vice President and Co-General Manager of the Digital Enterprise Group, which was comprised of Intel’s corporate client, server, storage, and communications businesses, and Vice
President and General Manager for the Intel Enterprise Platform Group, where he focused on developing, marketing, and driving Intel