sustainability of our business and the global environment in which we and our patients live.
Execution of Our Strategy: In 2021, we have remained focused
on our strategic priorities while navigating the ongoing impact of the pandemic. Innovation is at the core of our strategy. We launched three medicines that address serious diseases –
LUMAKRAS ® for the
treatment of advanced non-small cell lung cancer, TEZSPIRE ™ (1) for the treatment of severe asthma, and an expanded indication for Otezla ® for the treatment of plaque
psoriasis across all severities (mild, moderate, and severe). We completed strategic business acquisitions that complement our internal innovation, including Five Prime Therapeutics,
Inc. and bemarituzumab , a
first-in-class antibody in oncology, and Teneobio, Inc. and its
proprietary bispecific and multispecific antibody technologies and portfolio of early-stage oncology assets. We entered into a collaboration with Kyowa Kirin Co. Ltd. to develop and commercialize AMG 451, a Phase 3-ready first-in-class asset in inflammation. Additionally, we invested to strengthen our
discovery capabilities, progressed our early innovative pipeline, continued to advance our biosimilar programs (with 11 biosimilars in our current portfolio) and expand our global presence, including in fast-growing markets in Asia. Throughout, we
have maintained a disciplined approach to capital allocation, investing in our future while concurrently returning capital to stockholders.
Our Commitment to Society: Our approach to environmental sustainability, social responsibility, and corporate governance, or ESG, begins with our mission to
serve patients and is supported by our long-standing focus on using resources responsibly to support the sustainability of our business. In 2021, we launched a new environmental sustainability plan, our third since 2007, that includes a target of
achieving carbon neutrality in our operations by 2027 (while also aiming to further reduce our water use by 40% and waste disposed by 75% (2) ). Our latest U.S. biomanufacturing plant featuring
innovative technologies in Rhode Island received U.S. Food and Drug Administration approval in January 2022, expanding our manufacturing capacity while also delivering environmental and cost efficiencies. We announced plans to invest approximately
$1 billion to build two additional U.S. plants (in Ohio and North Carolina) featuring innovative technologies that support our 2027 environmental sustainability plan. Since its inception, the Amgen Foundation has contributed more than
$375 million to non-profit organizations around the world that complement Amgen’s purpose-driven dedication to impacting lives in inspiring and innovative ways, including through four signature
science education programs that, in 2021 alone, have reached over 27 million students and educators worldwide. Through patient assistance programs, expanded access to investigational therapies, donations, and other initiatives, we have
developed patient support programs to assist eligible patients around the world to obtain the medicines they need. We increased our focus on diversity, inclusion, and belonging, including by working to improve the diversity and representation of
racial and ethnic minority populations in clinical trial research and we aspire to double our supplier diversity spending and triple our Black-owned business spend in the U.S. by 2023. (3) Our new
U.S. plant locations in Ohio and North Carolina were chosen, in part, because they will expand our access to diverse talent.
Stockholder Engagement: We continue to be guided by the perspectives of our stockholders as expressed through their engagement with us throughout the year and at
our Annual Meeting. Consistent with prior years’ practices, since our 2021 annual meeting of stockholders, we have engaged in governance-focused outreach activities and discussions with stockholders comprising approximately 52% of our
outstanding shares. In 2021, stockholders asked questions about our response to COVID-19 and ESG issues. In response to stockholder feedback, we have enhanced our ESG reporting, including disclosing our annual
Consolidated EEO-1 Report (4) and additional metrics on the diversity of our workforce. Feedback received during the course of these activities is shared
with our Board and informs Board decisions. In addition to these governance-focused outreach activities, we have more than doubled our participation in investor events and engagement sessions since 2017. We are eager to continue this valuable
dialogue with our investors in the coming year.
I look forward to sharing more about our Company at the Annual Meeting. In addition to the
business to be transacted and described in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, I will discuss recent developments during the past year, the substantial progress we made on our strategic priorities in 2021, and respond to
comments and questions.
On behalf of our Board, I thank you for your participation and investment in Amgen. We look forward to the Annual Meeting on
May 17.
Sincerely,
Robert A. Bradway
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive
Officer and President
Being developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca plc.
Carbon neutrality goal refers to Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Reductions take into account only verified reduction
projections, and do not take into account changes associated with the contraction or expansion of the Company and are measured against a 2019 baseline.
Measured against a 2019 baseline.
Beginning with our Consolidated EEO-1 Report filed in 2021.
Amgen Inc.
One Amgen Center Drive
Thousand Oaks, California 91320-1799
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
To be Held on May 17, 2022
To the Stockholders of Amgen Inc.:
Date and Time:
Tuesday, May 17, 2022, at 11:00 A.M., Pacific Time
Location:
Our 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or Annual Meeting, will be held solely by remote communication via the internet
at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMGN2022 . While you will not be able to attend the Annual Meeting in person, stockholders will, to the extent possible, be afforded the same rights
and opportunities to participate at the virtual meeting similarly to how they would participate at an in-person meeting.
Stockholders or their proxyholders may participate, vote, and examine our list of stockholders at our Annual Meeting via the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMGN2022 and using your control number.
Record Date:
March 18, 2022. Amgen stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive
notice of, and vote at, the Annual Meeting and any continuation, postponement, or adjournment thereof.
Mail Date:
We intend to mail the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, or the proxy statement and proxy card, as
applicable, on or about April 5, 2022, to our stockholders of record on the record date.
Items of Business:
To elect 12 directors to the Board of Directors of Amgen for a term of office expiring at the 2023 annual meeting of
stockholders. The nominees for election to the Board of Directors are Dr. Wanda M. Austin, Mr. Robert A. Bradway, Dr. Brian J. Druker, Mr. Robert A. Eckert, Mr. Greg C. Garland,
Mr. Charles M. Holley, Jr., Dr. S. Omar Ishrak, Dr. Tyler Jacks, Ms. Ellen J. Kullman, Ms. Amy E. Miles, Dr. Ronald D. Sugar, and Dr. R. Sanders Williams;
To hold an advisory vote to approve our executive compensation;
To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2022; and
To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any continuation, postponement, or adjournment
thereof.
Attendance:
The live audio webcast of the Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 11:00 A.M., Pacific Time. To participate in the virtual meeting, you will need the control number included on your Notice, proxy card, or voting instruct