sustainability, social responsibility, and corporate governance, or ESG, begins with our mission to serve patients and is supported by our long-standing focus on using resources responsibly to support the sustainability of our business. Our environmental sustainability goals, the most recent version of which were set in 2021, include achieving carbon neutrality in our operations by 2027 (while also aiming to further reduce our water use by 40% and waste disposed by 75% (3) ). Our 2027 Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions and Scope 3 supplier engagement targets have been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), a global body enabling businesses to set emissions reductions targets in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement (to limit global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels). In support of our environmental sustainability goals, we developed Amgen Ecovation TM , our proprietary approach to innovative and sustainable manufacturing that is integrated into the upfront design, development, and execution of our new laboratory, manufacturing, and administrative buildings. Our newest Rhode Island facility, approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in 2022, expands our manufacturing capacity while utilizing these innovative and sustainable manufacturing approaches and delivering environmental and operating efficiencies. Amgen Ecovation is also guiding the design and construction of another two new U.S. plants (in Ohio and North Carolina). In addition to helping to advance our 2027 environmental goals, these new facilities will support our ability to meet the demand for our medicines and bring hundreds of jobs to their respective regions while expanding our access to diverse talent. We also strive to be socially responsible through the activities of our foundations. Since its inception, the Amgen Foundation has contributed approximately $425 million to non-profit organizations around the world that reflect our core values and complement Amgen’s dedication to impacting lives in inspiring and innovative ways. Through the Amgen Safety Net Foundation and our corporate philanthropy, we expanded access to investigational therapies, donations, and other initiatives, and have developed patient support programs to assist eligible patients around the world as they seek to obtain the medicines they need. We increased our focus on diversity, inclusion, and belonging, including by working to improve the diversity and representation of racial and ethnic minority populations in clinical trial research.
Stockholder Engagement: We continue to be guided by the perspectives of our stockholders as expressed through their engagement with us throughout the year and at our Annual Meeting. Consistent with prior years’ practices, since our 2022 annual meeting of stockholders, we have engaged in governance-focused outreach activities and discussions with stockholders comprising approximately 51% of our outstanding shares. In 2022, stockholder engagement included discussion of questions related to our political engagement and ESG activities. Feedback received during the course of these activities is shared with our Board and informs its decisions. In response to stockholder feedback, we pursued and received SBTi approval of our 2027 carbon emissions targets and we have expanded and enhanced a number of our disclosures, including those related to our: Board gender and racial/ethnic diversity; drug pricing practices; annual Consolidated EEO-1 Report; oversight of political contributions, memberships in trade and industry associations, and lobbying; and reporting in alignment with several environmental standards and guidelines (including the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) standards for our industry). We plan to continue this valuable dialogue with our investors in the coming year.
I look forward to sharing more about our Company at our Annual Meeting. In addition to the business to be transacted and described in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, I will discuss recent developments during the past year, the substantial progress we made on our strategic priorities in 2022, and respond to comments and questions.
On behalf of our Board, I thank you for your participation and investment in Amgen. We look forward to the Annual Meeting on May 19.
Sincerely,
Robert A. Bradway
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer and President
TEZSPIRE is being developed in collaboration with AstraZeneca plc.
Rocatinlimab is being developed in collaboration with Kyowa Kirin Co., Ltd.
Carbon neutrality goal refers to Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Reductions take into account only verified reduction projections, and do not take into account changes associated with the contraction or expansion of the Company and are measured against a 2019 baseline.
Table of Contents
Amgen Inc.
One Amgen Center Drive
Thousand Oaks, California 91320-1799
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
To be Held on May 19, 2023
To the Stockholders of Amgen Inc.:
Date and Time:
Friday, May 19, 2023, at 11:00 A.M., Pacific Time
Location:
Our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or Annual Meeting, will be held solely by remote communication via the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMGN2023 . Although the meeting will not be held in person, stockholders will, to the extent possible, be afforded the same rights and opportunities to participate at the virtual meeting similarly to how they would participate at an in-person meeting.
Stockholders or their proxyholders may participate and vote at our Annual Meeting via the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMGN2023 and using your control number.
Record Date:
March 20, 2023. Amgen stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and vote at, the Annual Meeting and any continuation, postponement, or adjournment thereof.
Mail Date:
We intend to mail the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, or Notice, or the proxy statement and proxy card, as applicable, on or about April 6, 2023, to our stockholders of record on the record date.
Items of Business:
To elect 13 directors to the Board of Directors of Amgen for a term of office expiring at the 2024 annual meeting of stockholders. The nominees for election to the Board of Directors are Dr. Wanda M. Austin, Mr. Robert A. Bradway, Dr. Michael V. Drake, Dr. Brian J. Druker, Mr. Robert A. Eckert, Mr. Greg C. Garland, Mr. Charles M. Holley, Jr., Dr. S. Omar Ishrak, Dr. Tyler Jacks, Ms. Ellen J. Kullman, Ms. Amy E. Miles, Dr. Ronald D. Sugar, and Dr. R. Sanders Williams;
To hold an advisory vote on the frequency of future stockholder advisory votes to approve executive compensation;
To hold an advisory vote to approve our executive compensation;
To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023; and
To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any continuation, postponement, or adjournment thereof.
Attendance: The live audio webcast of the Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 11:00 A.M., Pacific Time. To participate in the virtual meeting, you will need the control number included on your Notice, proxy card, or voting instruction form. We encourage you to access the meeting prior to the start time. Please read “Information Concerning Voting and Solicitation—Attendance at the Annual Meeting” in the accompanying proxy statement.
Voting: Your vote is important, regardless of the number of shares that you own . Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. Please read the Notice and proxy statement with care and follow the voting instructions to ensure that your shares are represented. By submitting your proxy promptly, you will save the Company the expense of further proxy solicitation. We encourage you to s