corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives. Feedback received during these meetings is shared with the full Board of Directors and informed
Board decisions. The conversations held with our stockholders are beneficial, and we look forward to continuing our dialogue in the coming year.
look forward to sharing more about our Company at the Annual Meeting. In addition to the business to be transacted and described in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, I will discuss recent developments during the past year,
the substantial progress we made on our strategic priorities for 2017, and respond to comments and questions.
On behalf of the Board of Directors,
I thank you for your participation and investment in Amgen. We look forward to seeing you on May 22. As a final note and also on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank David Baltimore and François de Carbonnel who are
not standing for re-election, for their years of wise counsel and guidance for Amgen.
Sincerely,
Robert A. Bradway
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive
Officer and President
Table of Contents
Amgen Inc.
One Amgen Center Drive
Thousand Oaks, California 91320-1799
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
To be Held on May 22, 2018
To the Stockholders of Amgen Inc.:
Date and Time:
Tuesday, May 22, 2018 at 11:00 A.M., local time
Location:
Four Seasons Hotel Westlake Village, Two Dole Drive, Westlake Village, California 91362
Record Date:
March 23, 2018. Amgen stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive
notice of, and vote at, the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or Annual Meeting, and any continuation, postponement or adjournment thereof.
Mail Date:
We intend to mail the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, or the proxy statement and proxy card, as
applicable, on or about April 11, 2018 to our stockholders of record on the record date.
Items of Business:
To elect 13 directors to the Board of Directors of Amgen for a term of office expiring at the 2019 annual meeting of
stockholders. The nominees for election to the Board of Directors are Dr. Wanda M. Austin, Mr. Robert A. Bradway, Dr. Brian J. Druker, Mr. Robert A. Eckert, Mr. Greg C. Garland, Mr. Fred Hassan,
Dr. Rebecca M. Henderson, Mr. Frank C. Herringer, Mr. Charles M. Holley, Jr., Dr. Tyler Jacks, Ms. Ellen J. Kullman, Dr. Ronald D. Sugar and Dr. R. Sanders Williams;
To hold an advisory vote to approve our executive compensation;
To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2018;
To consider one stockholder proposal for an annual report on the extent to which risks related to public concern over drug
pricing strategies are integrated into our executive incentive compensation, if properly presented at the meeting; and
To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any continuation, postponement or adjournment
thereof.
Attendance:
If you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, you will need an admittance ticket and proof of ownership of our Common Stock as of the close of business on March 23, 2018. Please read “INFORMATION CONCERNING VOTING AND
SOLICITATION—Attendance at the Annual Meeting” in the accompanying proxy statement.
Voting: Your vote is
important, regardless of the number of shares that you own . Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. Please read the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
and proxy statement with care and follow the voting instructions to ensure that your shares are represented. By submitting your proxy promptly, you will save the Company the expense of further proxy solicitation. We encourage you to submit your
proxy as soon as possible by Internet, by telephone or by signing, dating and returning all proxy cards or instruction forms provided to you.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Jonathan P. Graham
Secretary
Thousand Oaks, California
April 11, 2018
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement Summary
Item 1—Election of Directors
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors Corporate Governance Highlights
Leadership Structure
The Board’s Role in Risk Oversight
Board Meetings
Communication With the Board
Board Committees and Charters
Governance and Nominating Committee
Director Qualifications and Review of Board Diversity
Regular Board and Committee Evaluations
Director Independence
Governance Committee Processes and Procedures for Considering and Determining Director
Compensation
Audit Committee
Corporate Responsibility and Compliance Committee
About Our Compliance Program
Codes of Ethics and Business Conduct
Our Environmental Sustainability and Social Responsibility Efforts
Compensation and Management Development Committee
Compensation Committee Processes and Procedures for Considering and Determining Executive Compensation in 2017
Pay Ratio
Compensation Risk Management
Compensation Committee Report
Item 2—Advisory Vote to Approve Our Executive Compensation
Executive Compensation