sustainability, social responsibility, and corporate governance (ESG). In addition
to a commitment to ethical business practices, our ESG efforts include integrating environmentally sustainable practices throughout our business, improving patient access to our medicines, supporting science education for the next generation of
innovators, and enhancing the diversity and inclusiveness of our workforce.
Stockholder
Engagement: We are also guided by the perspectives of our stockholders as expressed through their direct engagement with us throughout the year and at our Annual Meeting. Since our 2019 annual meeting of
stockholders, in addition to outreach by our executives and Investor Relations department to investors owning approximately 58% of our outstanding shares, we have engaged in governance-focused outreach activities and discussions with the governance
teams for stockholders comprising approximately 51% of our outstanding shares. Topics discussed included our business performance, our ESG programs, and executive compensation (including its direct link to our strategy). Feedback received during
these meetings is shared with the full Board of Directors and informs Board and committee decisions. We are eager to continue this valuable dialogue with our investors in the coming year.
We are grateful to our former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, David W. Meline, who retired as CFO at the end of 2019 for his
significant and lasting contributions to Amgen. Peter H. Griffith joined us as our new CFO this year and his extensive financial and operational experience will benefit Amgen as we continue our efforts to serve more patients and drive long-term
growth and stockholder value.
I look forward to sharing more about our Company at the Annual Meeting. In addition to the business to be transacted
and described in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, I will discuss recent developments during the past year, the substantial progress we made on our strategic priorities for 2019, and respond to comments and questions.
On behalf of our Board of Directors, I thank you for your participation and investment in Amgen. We look forward to the Annual Meeting on May 19.
As a final note, and also on behalf of our Board of Directors, I would like to thank Rebecca M. Henderson, who is not standing for re-election this year, for her decade of wise counsel to and guidance of
Amgen.
Sincerely,
Robert A. Bradway
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive
Officer and President
Table of Contents
Amgen Inc.
One Amgen Center Drive
Thousand Oaks, California 91320-1799
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
To be Held on May 19, 2020
To the Stockholders of Amgen Inc.:
Date and Time:
Tuesday, May 19, 2020, at 11:00 A.M., Pacific Time
Location:
After careful consideration, in light of the on-going developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic and governmental
decrees that in-person gatherings be postponed or canceled, and in the best interests of public health and the health and safety of our stockholders, Board of Directors, and employees, our 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or Annual Meeting, will
be held solely by remote communication via the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMGN2020 . You will not be able to attend the Annual
Meeting in person.
Stockholders or their proxyholders may
participate, vote, and examine our list of stockholders at our Annual Meeting via the Internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMGN2020 and using your control number.
Record Date:
March 20, 2020. Amgen stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive
notice of, and vote at, the Annual Meeting and any continuation, postponement, or adjournment thereof.
Mail Date:
We intend to mail the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, or the proxy statement and proxy card, as
applicable, on or about April 7, 2020, to our stockholders of record on the record date.
Items of Business:
To elect 11 directors to the Board of Directors of Amgen for a term of office expiring at the 2021 annual meeting of
stockholders. The nominees for election to the Board of Directors are Dr. Wanda M. Austin, Mr. Robert A. Bradway, Dr. Brian J. Druker, Mr. Robert A. Eckert, Mr. Greg C. Garland, Mr. Fred Hassan,
Mr. Charles M. Holley, Jr., Dr. Tyler Jacks, Ms. Ellen J. Kullman, Dr. Ronald D. Sugar, and Dr. R. Sanders Williams;
To hold an advisory vote to approve our executive compensation;
To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2020;
To consider one stockholder proposal, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting; and
To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any continuation, postponement, or adjournment
thereof.
Attendance:
The live audio webcast of the Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 11:00 A.M., Pacific Time. To participate in the virtual meeting, you will need the control number included on your Notice, proxy card, or voting instruction form. We encourage you
to access the meeting prior to the start time. Please read “INFORMATION CONCERNING VOTING AND SOLICITATION—Attendance at the Annual Meeting” in the accompanying proxy statement.
Voting: Your vote is
important, regardless of the number of shares that you own . Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. Please read the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and proxy
statement with care and follow the voting instructions to ensure that your shares are represented. By submitting your proxy promptly, you will save the Company the expense of further proxy solicitation. We encourage you to submit your proxy as soon
as possible by Internet, by telephone, or by signing, dating, and returning all proxy cards or instruction forms provided to you.
By Order
of the Board of Directors
Jonathan P. Graham
Secretary
Thousand Oaks, California
April 7, 2020
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement Summary
Item 1—Election of Directors
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors Corporate Governance Highlights
Leadership Structure
The Board’s Role in Risk Oversight
Codes of Ethics and Business Conduct
Board Meetings
Communication With the Board
Board Committees and Charters
Governance and Nominating Committee
Process for Selecting Directors, Director Qualifications, and Board Diversity
Regular Board and Committee Evaluations
Director Independence
Governance Committee Processes and Procedures for Considering and Determining Director
Compensation
Audit Committee
Corporate Responsibility and Compliance Committee
About Our Compliance Program
Compensation and Management Development Committee
Compensation Committee Processes and Procedures for Considering and Determining Executive Compensation in 2019
Compensation Risk Management
Prohibition on Hedging
Pay Ratio
Compensation Committee Report
Our Commitment to Environmental Sustainability, Social Responsibility, and Human Capital
Management
Item 2—Advisory Vote to Approve Our Executive Compensation
Executive Compensation