sustainability goals , for example, include achieving carbon neutrality in our operations by 2027, while further reducing our water use by 40% and waste disposed by 75%. (2) Our 2027 Scope 1 and 2 carbon emissions and Scope 3 supplier engagement targets have been approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) , a global body enabling businesses to set emissions reductions targets in line with the goals of the Paris Agreement to limit global warming to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. Through the Amgen Safety Net Foundation and our corporate philanthropy, we assist eligible patients around the world to obtain the medicines they need but cannot afford. The science education programs funded by the Amgen Foundation now reach approximately 25 million students and teachers around the world, helping to inspire the next generation of innovators. Through our Representation in Clinical Research (RISE) program, we seek to improve the representation of racial and ethnic minority populations in our clinical trial research to help us develop medicines that are studied in participants who better reflect the populations impacted by certain disease or conditions.
Stockholder Engagement: We continue to be guided by the perspectives of our stockholders as expressed through their engagement with us throughout the year and at our Annual Meeting. Consistent with prior years’ practices, since our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, we have engaged in governance-focused outreach activities and discussions with stockholders comprising approximately 51% of our outstanding shares. In 2023, stockholder engagement included discussions related to biodiversity, gender and racial pay equity, human rights, and tax transparency. Feedback received during the course of these activities is shared with our Board and informs its decisions. We plan to continue this valuable dialogue with our investors in the coming year.
I look forward to sharing more about our Company at our Annual Meeting. In addition to the business to be transacted and described in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders, I will discuss recent developments during the past year, the substantial progress we made on our strategic priorities in 2023, and respond to comments and questions.
On behalf of our Board, I thank you for your participation and investment in Amgen. We look forward to the Annual Meeting on May 31. As a final note, and also on behalf of our Board, I would like to thank Drs. Ronald D. Sugar and R. Sanders Williams, who will retire from our Board and are not standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting, for their years of wise counsel and guidance to Amgen.
Sincerely,
Robert A. Bradway
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive Officer and President
Breakthrough Therapy Designation is a process designed to expedite the development and review of drugs that are intended to treat a serious condition and preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the drug may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on a clinically significant endpoint.
Carbon neutrality goal refers to Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Reductions take into account only verified reduction projections, and do not take into account changes associated with the contraction or expansion of the Company and are measured against a 2019 baseline.
Amgen Inc.
One Amgen Center Drive
Thousand Oaks, California 91320-1799
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
To be Held on May 31, 2024
To the Stockholders of Amgen Inc.:
Date and Time:
Friday, May 31, 2024, at 11:00 A.M., Pacific Time
Location:
Our 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or Annual Meeting, will be held solely by remote communication via the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMGN2024 . Although the meeting will not be held in person, stockholders will, to the extent possible, be afforded the same rights and opportunities to participate at the virtual meeting similarly to how they would participate at an in-person meeting.
Stockholders or their proxyholders may participate and vote at our Annual Meeting via the internet at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/AMGN2024 and using your control number.
Record Date:
April 1, 2024. Amgen stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and vote at, the Annual Meeting and any continuation, postponement, or adjournment thereof.
Mail Date:
We intend to mail the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, or Notice, or the proxy statement and proxy card, as applicable, on or about April 17, 2024, to our stockholders of record on the record date.
Items of Business:
To elect 12 directors to the Board of Directors of Amgen for a term of office expiring at the 2025 annual meeting of stockholders. The nominees for election to the Board of Directors are Dr. Wanda M. Austin, Mr. Robert A. Bradway, Dr. Michael V. Drake, Dr. Brian J. Druker, Mr. Robert A. Eckert, Mr. Greg C. Garland, Mr. Charles M. Holley, Jr., Dr. S. Omar Ishrak, Dr. Tyler Jacks, Dr. Mary E. Klotman, Ms. Ellen J. Kullman, and Ms. Amy E. Miles;
To hold an advisory vote to approve our executive compensation;
To approve our proposed Amgen Inc. Second Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan, which amends our existing Amended and Restated 2009 Equity Incentive Plan to, in part, increase the authorized number of shares issuable under the plan by 31,297,000 shares;
To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2024; and
To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any continuation, postponement, or adjournment thereof.
Attendance: The live audio webcast of the Annual Meeting will begin promptly at 11:00 A.M., Pacific Time. To participate in the virtual meeting, you will need the control number included on your Notice, proxy card, or voting instruction form. We encourage you to access the meeting prior to the start time. Please read “Information Concerning Voting and Solicitation—Attendance at the Annual Meeting” in the accompanying proxy statement.
Voting: Your vote is important, regardless of the number of shares that you own . Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. Please read the Notice and proxy statement with care and follow the voting instructions to ensure that your shares are represented. By submitting your proxy promptly, you will save the Company the expense of further proxy solicitation. We encourage you to submit your proxy as soon as possible by internet, by telephone, or by signing, dating, and returning all proxy cards or instruction forms provided to you.
By Order of the Board of Directors
Jonathan P. Graham
Secretary
Thousand Oaks, California
April 17, 2024
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement Summary
Item 1—Election of Directors
Corporate Governance
Board of Directors Corporate Governance Highlights
Board Leadership Structure
The Board’s Role in Risk Oversight
Codes of Business Conduct
Board Meetings
Communication with the Board
Board Committees and Charters
Governance and Nominating Committee
Summary of Director Nominee Core Experiences and Skills
Process for Selecting Directors, Director Qualifications, and Board Diversity
Regular Board and Committee Evaluations
Director Independence
Governance Committee Processes and Procedures for Considering and Determining Director Compensation
Audit Committee
Corporate Responsibility and Compliance Committee
About Our Compliance Program
Our Approach to Environmental Sustainability, Social Responsibility, and Human Capital Management
Compensation and Management Development Committee
Compensation Committee Processes and Procedures for Considering and Determining Executive Compensation in 2023
Compensation Risk Management
Prohibition on Hedging
Pay Ratio
Compensation Committee Report
Item 2—Advisory Vote to Approve Our Executive Compen