corporate responsibility and sustainability initiatives. Feedback received during these meetings was shared with the full Board of Directors, informing Board decisions. The conversations
held with our stockholders are beneficial, and we look forward to continuing our dialogue in the coming year.
I look forward to sharing more about
our Company at the Annual Meeting. In addition to the business to be transacted and described in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and proxy statement, I will discuss recent developments during the past year, the substantial
progress we made on our strategic priorities for 2016, and respond to comments and questions of general interest.
On behalf of the Board of
Directors, I thank you for your participation and investment in Amgen. We look forward to seeing you on May 19. As a final note and also on behalf of the Board of Directors, I would like to thank Frank J. Biondi, Jr. and
Judith C. Pelham, who are not standing for re-election, for their counsel and guidance.
Sincerely,
Robert A. Bradway
Chairman of the Board,
Chief Executive
Officer and President
Table of Contents
Amgen
Inc.
One Amgen Center
Drive
Thousand Oaks, California 91320-1799
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
To be Held on May 19, 2017
To the Stockholders of Amgen Inc.:
Date and Time:
Friday, May 19, 2017 at 11:00 A.M., local time
Location:
Four Seasons Hotel Westlake Village, Two Dole Drive, Westlake Village, California 91362
Record Date:
March 20, 2017. Amgen stockholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive
notice of, and vote at, the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or Annual Meeting, and any continuation, postponement or adjournment thereof.
Mail Date:
We intend to mail the Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, or the proxy statement and proxy card, as
applicable, on or about April 6, 2017 to our stockholders of record on the record date.
Items of Business:
To elect 13 directors to the Board of Directors of Amgen for a term of office expiring at the 2018 annual meeting of
stockholders. The nominees for election to the Board of Directors are Dr. David Baltimore, Mr. Robert A. Bradway, Mr. François de Carbonnel, Mr. Robert A. Eckert, Mr. Greg C. Garland, Mr. Fred
Hassan, Dr. Rebecca M. Henderson, Mr. Frank C. Herringer, Mr. Charles M. Holley, Jr., Dr. Tyler Jacks, Ms. Ellen J. Kullman, Dr. Ronald D. Sugar and Dr. R. Sanders
Williams;
To ratify the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2017;
To hold an advisory vote to approve our executive compensation;
To hold an advisory vote on the frequency of future stockholder advisory votes to approve executive
compensation;
To consider one stockholder proposal to adopt majority votes cast standard for matters presented by stockholders described
in the proxy statement, if properly presented at the meeting; and
To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any continuation, postponement or
adjournment thereof.
Attendance: If
you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, you will need an admittance ticket and proof of ownership of our Common Stock as of the close of business on March 20, 2017. Please read “INFORMATION CONCERNING VOTING AND SOLICITATION—Attendance
at the Annual Meeting” in the accompanying proxy statement.
Voting: Your vote is important, regardless of the
number of shares that you own . Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting in person, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. Please read the Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and proxy statement with care
and follow the voting instructions to ensure that your shares are represented. By submitting your proxy promptly, you will save the Company the expense of further proxy solicitation. We encourage you to submit your proxy as soon as possible by
Internet, by telephone or by signing, dating and returning all proxy cards or instruction forms provided to you.
By Order of the Board of
Directors
Jonathan P. Graham
Secretary
Thousand Oaks, California
April 6, 2017
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement Summary
Information Concerning Voting and Solicitation
Item 1—Election of Directors
Item 2—Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accountants
Item 3—Advisory Vote to Approve Our Executive Compensation
Item 4—Advisory Vote on the Frequency of Future Stockholder Advisory Votes to Approve Executive Compensation
Item 5—Stockholder Proposal