sustainability of our business and the global environment in which we and our patients live.
Unprecedented Year: 2020 was a year like no other in our 40-year history. We’ve experienced a global pandemic, worldwide economic disruption, widespread social unrest, and yet have continued to deliver for patients (both those currently on Amgen medicines and those
who stand to benefit from the potential new medicines in our pipeline), while keeping our staff safe, contributing to the efforts to address COVID-19, and supporting the communities where we live and work.
Execution of Our Strategy: While successfully
managing the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our global operations, we have remained focused on our strategic priorities, advancing key strategic goals in 2020 that will drive our long-term growth. We
invested to strengthen our discovery capabilities, accelerate the number of product teams formed to develop genetically validated medicines that address serious diseases, and advanced two late-stage medicines – sotorasib , our KRAS G12C small molecule inhibitor for advanced non-small cell lung cancer, and tezepelumab for severe asthma – through pivotal trials. Of note, demonstrating our commitment to bringing the promise of our therapies to patients as
quickly as possible, sotorasib was on file with regulators in the U.S. and Europe just 28 months after we dosed our first patient. We successfully integrated Otezla ® , launched an oncology collaboration with
BeiGene, Ltd. in China, and also established our wholly-owned affiliate in Japan. We continued to advance our biosimilar program with the launches
of AVSOLA ® and
RIABNI ™ in the U.S.
We are in our fourth year of successfully operating our smaller footprint, highly resource efficient next-generation biomanufacturing facility in Singapore that dramatically reduces the scale and costs of making biologics, and vastly reduces water
and energy use, while maintaining a reliable, high-quality, compliant supply of medicines. This success, along with U.S. corporation tax incentives to invest in innovation and advanced technologies, led to our building a second such plant in Rhode
Island that, upon approval by global regulatory authorities, will expand our manufacturing capacity, while also delivering these efficiencies. We continue to maintain a disciplined approach to capital allocation, investing in our future while also
returning capital to stockholders. In the