Corporate Responsibility and Compliance and Governance and Nominating Committees meet the criteria for independence under The NASDAQ Stock Market listing standards and the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission. (pages 32 and 36)
All directors meet our Board of Directors Guidelines for Director Qualifications and Evaluations included in this proxy statement as Appendix A .
Our independent directors meet privately on a regular basis. (page 33)
Our Bylaws provide for a majority voting standard for uncontested director elections. (page 30)
We have significant stock ownership requirements for our directors and officers. Officers are required to retain shares of our Common Stock acquired through
the vesting of restricted stock units, the payout of performance units, or the exercise of stock options until they have reached their required stock ownership level. We have amended our equity incentive plan to provide that equity awards will be
subject to a minimum vesting period of no less than one year. (pages 59, 65 and 90)
With respect to our Common Stock, our staff members and Board are prohibited from engaging in short sales, purchasing Common Stock on margin, pledging
Common Stock, or entering into any hedging, derivative or similar transactions. (page 66)
ï 2016 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
We have an Enterprise Risk Management Program to identify, assess, manage, report and monitor enterprise risk and areas that may affect our ability to
achieve our objectives. This includes an annual detailed compensation risk analysis performed with the assistance of the Compensation and Management Development Committee’s independent consultant. (page 34)
Our Board maintains a Corporate Responsibility and Compliance Committee that is responsible for overseeing our compliance program and reviewing our programs
in a number of areas governing ethical conduct. (page 40)
We hold an annual advisory vote to approve our executive compensation. (page 20)
ï 2016 Proxy Statement 3
Table of Contents
INFORMATION CONCERNING VOTING AND SOLICITATION
Amgen Inc.
One Amgen Center Drive
Thousand Oaks,
California 91320-1799
Proxy Statement
Information Concerning Voting and Solicitation
General
The enclosed proxy is solicited on behalf of the Board of Directors, or Board, of Amgen Inc., a
Delaware corporation, for use at our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, or Annual Meeting, to be held on Thursday, May 19, 2016, at 11:00 A.M., local time, or at any continuation, postponement or adjournment
thereof, for the purposes discussed in this proxy statement and in the accompanying Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and any business properly brought before the Annual Meeting. Amgen Inc. may also be referred to as Amgen, the Company,
we, us or our in this proxy statement. Proxies are solicited to give all stockholders of record an opportunity to vote on matters properly presented at the Annual Meeting. The Annual Meeting will be held at the Four Seasons Hotel Westlake
Village, Two Dole Drive, Westlake Village, California 91362.
Pursuant to the rules adopted by the Securities and Exchange Commission, we have
elected to provide access to our proxy materials over the Internet. Accordingly, we are sending a Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials, or Notice, to certain of our stockholders of record, and we are sending a paper copy of the proxy
materials and proxy card to other stockholders of record who we believe would prefer receiving such materials in paper form. Brokers and other nominees who hold shares on behalf of beneficial owners will be sending their own similar Notice.
Stockholders will have the ability to access the proxy materials on the website referred to in the Notice or request to receive a printed set of the proxy materials. Instructions on how to request a printed copy by mail or electronically may be
found on the Notice and on the website referred to in the Notice, including an option to request paper copies on an ongoing basis. We intend to make this proxy statement available on the Internet and to mail the Notice, or to mail the proxy
statement and proxy card, as applicable, on or about April 7, 2016 to all stockholders entitled to notice of and to vote at the Annual Meeting.
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2016 Stockholder Meeting to Be
Held on May 19, 2016.
This proxy statement, our 2015 annual report and our other proxy materials are available at: www.astproxyportal.com/ast/Amgen . At this website, you will find a complete set of the following proxy materials: notice of 2016 annual meeting of stockholders; proxy statement; 2015 annual report
and form proxy card. You are encouraged to access and review all of the important information contained in the proxy materials before submitting a proxy or voting at the meeting.
What Are You Voting On?
You will be entitled to vote on the
following proposals at the Annual Meeting:
The election of the 13 director nominees named herein to serve on our Board for a term of office expiring at the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders;
The ratification of the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public accountants for the fiscal year ending
December 31, 2016;
The advisory vote to approve our executive compensation;
One stockholder proposal, if properly presented; and
Any other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting.
Who Can Vote
The Board has set March 21, 2016 as the
record date for the Annual Meeting. You are entitled to notice and to vote if you were a stockholder of record of our Common Stock, $.0001 par value per share, or Common Stock, as of the close of
ï 2016 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
INFORMATION CONCERNING VOTING AND SOLICITATION
business on March 21, 2016. You are entitled to one vote on each proposal for each share of Common Stock you held on the record date. Your shares may be voted at the Annual Meeting only if
you are present in person or your shares are represented by a valid proxy.
Difference Between a Stockholder of Record and a “Street Name” Holder
If your shares are registered directly in your name, you are considered the stockholder of record with respect to those shares.
If your shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank, trust or other nominee, then the broker, bank, trust or other nominee is considered
to be the stockholder of record with respect to those shares. However, you are still considered to be the beneficial owner of those shares, and your shares are said to be held in “street name.” Street name holders generally cannot submit a
proxy or vote their shares directly and must instead instruct the broker, bank, trust or other nominee how to vote their shares using the methods described below.
Shares Outstanding and Quorum
At the close of business on
March 21, 2016, there were 750,032,702 shares of our Common Stock outstanding and entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. The presence of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of our Common Stock entitled to vote constitutes a
quorum, which is required to hold and conduct business at the Annual Meeting. Shares are counted as present at the Annual Meeting if:
you are present in person at the Annual Meeting; or
your shares are represented by a properly authorized and submitted proxy (submitted by mail, by telephone or over the Internet).
If you are a record holder and you submit your proxy, regardless of whether you abstain from voting on one or more matters, your shares will be counted
as present at the Annual Meeting for the purpose of determining a quorum. If your shares are held in “street name,” your shares are counted as present for purposes of determining a quorum if your broker, bank, trust or other nominee
submits a proxy covering your shares. Your broker, bank, trust or other nominee is entitled to submit a proxy covering your shares as
to certain “routine” matters, even if you have no