sustainability and other environmental, social, and human capital initiatives and goals; and
deliver strong long-term returns to our shareholders.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Global Impact Highlights
Our People
We now employ more than 1.6 million people worldwide—having created more than 750,000 full- and part-time jobs in the U.S. since the start of the pandemic —and continue to invest in offering competitive pay and benefits. In the U.S., this includes an average starting wage for our front-line employees of more than $18 per hour and comprehensive benefits for regular full-time employees. These benefits include health, vision, and dental insurance; a 401(k) with a company match; up to 20 weeks of paid parental leave for birthing parents; adoption assistance; and access to Amazon’s Career Choice program.
Amazon has been named No. 2 on Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies list for six years running and is currently in the Top 10 on LinkedIn’s Top Companies lists in the U.S. (No. 1), Australia, Canada, China, India, Japan, Spain, and the UK.
Some of the programs that earn us this recognition include:
Family support programs , including Leave Share, which allows U.S. employees to donate up to six weeks of their paid parental time to their partner should their partner’s employer not offer paid parental leave, and Ramp Back, which enables employees to return to work at a flexible schedule for up to eight consecutive weeks after birth or adoption.
Free mental health resources available 24/7 to all U.S. employees, their families, and anyone in their household, including free counseling sessions.
Amazon Returnships , which help people who have been without a job or underemployed for at least a year by providing a new opportunity to rejoin the U.S. workforce.
Amazon’s Career Choice program , which offers fully funded tuition opportunities, including bachelor’s degrees, high school diplomas, GEDs, and ESL programs. This offering, which we began in 2021, is part of Amazon’s $1.2 billion Upskilling 2025 commitment to provide free training to 300,000 employees in the U.S. by 2025.
Safety is integral to everything we do . Our work environments allow employees, regardless of background, skill level, or experience, to work with confidence. In 2022, we published Delivered with Care , a report on safety, health, and well-being at
Amazon. In 2021, we invested over $300 million in safety improvements, and we have incurred more than $15 billion in COVID-19-related costs since March 2020 to help keep employees safe and deliver for customers. Our scale, resources, and technology allow us to undertake initiatives that benefit the entire industry. For example, we are investing to create technology to improve universal fork truck safety, and we established a first-of-its-kind partnership with the National Safety Council to uncover new ways to prevent and address musculoskeletal disorders.
We believe our future is diverse, inclusive, and accessible across every race, gender, belief, origin, and community. In 2021, we again set ambitious goals focused on increasing diversity in our hiring, building an inclusive work environment, and providing equitable access for all. We’ve also increased the amount and specificity of the data we share publicly, which shows there is more work to do, but also demonstrates progress. We take steps to give employees a sense of belonging, value, and opportunity, such as through our 13 affinity groups (employee resource groups) with more than 90,000 employees across hundreds of chapters worldwide. We actively recruit diverse candidates through our partnerships with Historically Black Colleges and Universities, Hispanic-Serving Institutions, women’s colleges, and tribal colleges, and we have over 45,000 U.S. veterans and military spouses working at Amazon.
Learn more at aboutamazon.com/workplace .
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Our Partners
We work with more than 2 million independent partners in the U.S., including sellers, developers, content creators, authors, and delivery providers. We openly share information, tools, and services with third parties that work with Amazon to foster their business growth. When they thrive, our customers benefit from the products and services they offer. We support a number of different types of partners, including:
Small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s stores . These businesses come from every state in the U.S.
and more than 130 countries around the world. Amazon spent more than $100 million to help small and medium-sized businesses reach more customers during Prime Day and throughout the holiday season, and third-party sellers—most of which are small and medium-sized businesses—achieved record worldwide sales in Amazon’s store for the 2021 holiday season. More than half of sales from Black Friday through Cyber Monday were from third-party sellers, and more than 130,000 third-party sellers surpassed $100,000 in sales during the holiday season.
More than 3,000 independent Delivery Service Partners . This program began in 2018 and now has companies in the U.S., Canada, the UK, Germany, France, Italy, Spain, Ireland, Brazil, the Netherlands, and India, employing more than 260,000 drivers. More than 2.2 billion packages have been delivered worldwide, and their businesses have generated over $12 billion in revenue, benefitting the community and customers. To address inequality and create long-term change, Amazon launched its diversity grant program in 2020 to help develop pathways for Black, Latinx, and Native American entrepreneurs.
Millions of organizations in 190 countries around the world powered by Amazon Web Services (AWS) . The fastest-growing startups and largest enterprises, as well as nonprofits and government agencies, are powered by AWS’s highly secure, reliable, scalable, and low-cost cloud technology. Using AWS, customers and partners around the world are innovating at a faster pace than ever before, including extraordinary accomplishments like delivering life-saving medications to patients faster, making self-driving cars a reality, and expediting real-world sustainability solutions that are helping everyone on the planet.
Developers building for Alexa and Appstore . Builders, developers, and entrepreneurs have the opportunity to innovate, build a business, and connect with customers across hundreds of millions of Alexa devices, like Fire TV, Fire Tablet, and Echo. There are over 900,000 developers building for Alexa. Alexa helps generate billions of dollars for the developer and device-maker community, and there are skill developers making more than $1 million annually through in-skill purchasing. Amazon recently introduced the Appstore Small Business Accelerator and the Alexa Skill Developer Accelerator, which help smaller developers build and grow their app and skill businesses while inventing for customers. Amazon Appstore is also curating apps for the Windows 11 storefront, which brings mobile apps and games directly to Windows.
Millions of writers around the world building successful careers using Kindle Direct Publishing (KDP) . KDP authors self-publish and distribute their books to millions of readers around the world, choosing where they want to sell, setting their own prices, and earning up to 70% of every sale in royalties. Thousands of independent authors earned more than $50,000 in royalties in 2021, with more than 2,000 authors surpassing $100,000 in royalties. In addition, since 2009, the Amazon Literary Partnership has provided more than $14 million to organizations across the country that empower writers to create, publish, learn, teach, experiment, and thrive.
Learn more at aboutamazon.com/impact/empowerment/small-businesses .
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Our Planet
The Climate Pledge is Amazon’s commitment to be net-zero carbon by 2040 , and we are on a path to powering our operations with 100% renewable energy by 2025. As the world’s largest corporate buyer of renewable energy, Amazon announced d