diversity, equity, and inclusion are no different, including:
Doubling the number of Black directors and vice presidents in 2020 and again in 2021 through effective executive development and recruitment programs. Amazon recruits diverse talent through a number of initiatives, including partnerships with groups like AfroTech and Lesbians Who Tech, collaborating with Management Leadership for Tomorrow, and committing to the Historically Black Colleges and Universities Partnership Challenge.
Making direct donations and matching employee donations to organizations focused on combating systemic racism through the legal system as well as those dedicated to expanding educational and economic opportunity for Black communities, such as Black Lives Matter, Brennan Center for Justice, and the NAACP.
Having 12 employee-led affinity ( resource) groups with more than 90,000 members across hundreds of chapters.
Amazon also employs over 40,000 veterans and military spouses in the U.S. and is committed to supporting the military veteran community. This includes building long-term and innovative programs that address the community’s greatest challenges, including mental health awareness, suicide prevention, and homelessness.
Amazon provides skills training and upskilling opportunities to help adult learners and employees advance in their careers. Program milestones include:
Announcing that 40,000 employees have participated in Career Choice , a program that prepays tuition for in-demand fields.
Continuing to deliver Upskilling 2025, a $700 million commitment to help 100,000 employees gain technical skills so they can move into higher-skilled, better-paying roles.
Announcing plans to offer free cloud computing skills training to 29 million people around the world by 2025 to get them ready for jobs in one of the fastest-growing industries.
Promoting 35,000 employees across our operations network in 2020.
Learn more at aboutamazon.com/workplace .
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Our Partners
We provide tools and resources to help small and medium-sized businesses grow their own companies. They’re able to serve their communities, while providing more choice to customers around the world. We support a number of different types of partners, including:
Over 1.9 million small and medium-sized businesses selling in Amazon’s store. We support the rapid growth of
Iowa small business BLK & Bold prepares specialty coffee
and tea for sale on Amazon.
small and medium-sized businesses from every state in the U.S. and from more than 130 countries selling their products in our store. These businesses now make up close to 60% of the sales in our store and have created more than 2.2 million jobs globally as a result of selling on Amazon. The 2020 holiday season was the best ever for independent businesses selling on Amazon—sellers surpassed $4.8 billion in worldwide sales from Black Friday through Cyber Monday, growing about 60% from the previous year. During the holiday season as a whole, small and medium-sized businesses in the U.S. sold nearly one billion products in Amazon’s store.
Over 2,400 Delivery Service Partners across Brazil, Canada, Germany, Ireland, Italy, Spain, the UK, and the U.S. These partners have created over 158,000 jobs in their communities, and, since 2018, they’ve delivered more than 2.8 billion packages worldwide and generated over $6 billion in revenue for their small businesses. In 2020, Amazon announced a new diversity grant to help reduce the barriers to entry for Black, Latinx, and Native American entrepreneurs—offering $10,000 for each qualified candidate to build their own businesses in the U.S.
Hundreds of thousands of small and medium-sized businesses, startups, and partners around the world launch and scale their businesses with Amazon Web Services (“AWS”). These businesses rely on AWS for highly reliable, scalable, secure, and low-cost infrastructure in the cloud. As part of the AWS Activate program, Amazon also provided more than $1 billion in AWS credits during 2020 to help early-stage startups launch their businesses and accelerate their growth. With this help, startups are using reliable and secure cloud services like compute, storage, database, analytics, Internet of Things, machine learning, and many others from AWS to scale their businesses.
Over 700,000 developers building for Alexa. Alexa is an opportunity for builders, developers, and entrepreneurs to innovate and build a voice-first business for the hundreds of millions of Alexa devices in customers’ hands. Skill developers can earn more than $100,000 per year through in-skill purchasing.
Millions of writers using Kindle Direct Publishing (“KDP”). KDP authors self-publish and distribute their books to millions of readers around the world, choosing where they want to sell, setting their own prices, and earning up to 70% of every sale in royalties. Since KDP launched in 2007, millions of authors from around the world have self-published millions of books through the program—many of whom are building incredibly successful writing careers as a result. In 2020, thousands of independent authors earned more than $50,000 through KDP, with more than 1,000 authors surpassing $100,000 in royalties. KDP authors have earned more than $1.5 billion from participation in Kindle Unlimited since 2014.
Learn more at aboutamazon.com/impact/empowerment/small-businesses .
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Our Planet
We are committed to and invested in sustainability because it’s a win all around—it’s good for the planet, business, customers, and communities. From building the largest wind farm in rural Texas to deploying a new fleet of electric vehicles, we are reducing Amazon’s carbon footprint across all our business operations and are leading the way for other companies to decarbonize worldwide. The Climate Pledge is Amazon’s commitment to be net-zero carbon by 2040 , and the Company is on a path to powering its operations with 100% renewable energy by 2025 —five years earlier than our original target of 2030. The Climate Pledge has been signed by over 50 other companies that commit to the same goals, including Best Buy, IBM, JetBlue, Microsoft, Uber, Unilever, and Verizon.
Amazon is taking meaningful steps in its journey to be net-zero carbon by 2040 through significant investments in renewable energy and sustainability initiatives, including:
An Amazon electric delivery vehicle passes a windfarm
outside of Los Angeles.
In 2020, Amazon became the world’s largest corporate purchaser of renewable energy . The Company has 187 solar and wind projects worldwide delivering more than 20,000 gigawatt hours of renewable energy annually. They include 62 utility-scale wind and solar projects and 125 solar rooftops on fulfillment centers and sort centers around the globe. Amazon Web Services is also helping other enterprises mitigate their environmental impact by providing technology infrastructure that is 3.6 times more energy efficient than many major companies’ data operations.
Climate Pledge Friendly makes it easy for customers to discover and shop for more sustainable products in Amazon’s store. The Climate Pledge Friendly label signifies that the products have one or more of 19 different sustainability certifications that help preserve the natural world.
The Climate Pledge Fund started with $2 billion from Amazon to invest in companies creating products, services, and technologies to protect the planet. The fund supports the development of sustainable technologies that help to decarbonize the economy and protect the planet.
Right Now Climate Fund is a $100 million fund that takes immediate action to remove or avoid carbon emissions by supporting nature-based climate solutions. Amazon is working with The Nature Conservancy to identify projects that can create real and lasting carbon reductions, while also empowering communities, enhancing natural environments, and protecting wildlife.
Climate Pledge Arena in Seattle is expected to be the first