sustainability, social, and corporate governance policies and initiatives , receives periodic reports on and discusses our enterprise risk assessments , oversees and receives regular reports on our regulatory compliance , and reviews shareholder feedback on these topics as we evolve our practices and disclosures.
Corporate Governance Highlights
We have a single class of common stock with equal voting rights, such that one share equals one vote .
We have a declassified board , meaning all of our directors are elected annually .
We have a majority voting standard for the election of directors whenever the number of nominees does not exceed the number of directors to be elected.
We have a lead independent director appointed by the independent directors to promote independent leadership of the Board.
We have robust stock ownership guidelines for our directors.
We engage year-round with our shareholders and other stakeholders, and our lead director and other independent directors periodically meet with our large and long-term shareholders.
Our Board has significant interaction with and access to senior management and other employees.
Our Board and the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee annually review executive succession planning .
Our Board and individual directors conduct annual peer performance evaluations .
We prohibit hedging , speculative, and derivative security transactions by directors, executive officers, and other senior employees.
Shareholders owning at least 25% of our outstanding shares have the right to call a special meeting of the shareholders.
Shareholders have a proxy access right on market-standard terms.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Executive Compensation Overview
Our executive compensation philosophy focuses on the true long-term success of our business , not on isolated one-, two-, or three-year goals that encompass only a limited and selective portion of our objectives and that can reward executives with above-target payouts even when the stock price remains flat or declines.
Following our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, at which more than 68% of the votes cast supported our advisory vote to approve the compensation of our named executive officers, we engaged in extensive outreach to our shareholders , with the Chair of the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee and/or our Lead Independent Director holding one-on-one or small group meetings with most of our 20 largest shareholders.
The Committee did not grant any equity awards to our CEO or any of our named executives during 2023 , and our