sustainability and environmental activities on our sustainability website at www.amazon.com/sustainability .
Board Meetings and Committees
The Board meets regularly during the year, and holds special meetings and acts by unanimous written consent whenever circumstances require. During 2017, there were six meetings of the Board. All incumbent
directors attended at least 75% of the aggregate of the meetings of the Board and committees on which they served occurring during 2017. All directors then serving attended the 2017 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
The Board has established an Audit Committee, a Leadership Development and Compensation
Committee, and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, each of which is comprised entirely of directors who meet the applicable independence requirements of the Nasdaq rules. The Committees keep the Board informed of their actions and
provide assistance to the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility to shareholders. The table below provides current membership information as well as meeting information for the last fiscal year.
Name
Audit
Committee
Leadership
Development
Compensation
Committee
Nominating and
Corporate
Governance
Committee
Jeffrey P. Bezos
Tom A. Alberg
John Seely Brown(1)
Jamie S. Gorelick
Daniel P. Huttenlocher
Judith A. McGrath
Jonathan J. Rubinstein
Thomas O. Ryder
Patricia Q. Stonesifer
Wendell P. Weeks
Total Meetings in
2017
Committee Chair
Mr. Brown is not standing for re-election at the Annual Meeting.
The functions performed by these Committees, which are set forth in more detail in their charters, are summarized below.
Audit Committee. The Audit Committee represents and assists the Board in fulfilling its oversight responsibility relating to our financial statements and financial reporting
process, the qualifications, independence, and performance of our independent auditors, the performance of our internal audit function, legal and regulatory matters, and our compliance policies and procedures. The Board has designated each of
Messrs. Alberg, Ryder, and Weeks as an Audit Committee Financial Expert, as defined by Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) rules. During the past year, the Audit Committee met with management and reviewed matters that included
the Company’s risk assessment and compliance functions, information security, public policy expenditures, treasury and investment matters, accounting industry issues, the reappointment of our independent auditor, and pending litigation. The
Audit Committee also met with the auditors to review the scope and results of the auditor’s annual audit and quarterly reviews of the Company’s financial statements.
Leadership Development and Compensation Committee. The Leadership Development and Compensation Committee evaluates our programs and practices relating to leadership
development, reviews and establishes compensation of the Company’s executive officers, and oversees management of risks for succession planning and our overall compensation program, including our equity-based compensation plans, all with a view
toward maximizing long-term shareholder value. The Committee may engage compensation consultants but did not do so in 2017. Additional information on the Committee’s processes and procedures for considering and determining executive
compensation is contained in the “