sustainability and other environmental, social, and human capital initiatives and goals; and
drive strong long-term returns to our shareholders.
Corporate Governance Highlights
We have a single class of common stock with equal voting rights, such that one share equals one vote .
We have a declassified board , meaning all of our directors are elected annually .
We have a majority voting standard for the election of directors whenever the number of nominees does not exceed the number of directors to be elected.
We have a lead independent director appointed by the independent directors to promote independent leadership of the Board.
Our directors reflect our commitment to diversity, with five women and two directors from underrepresented racial/ethnic groups .
The Board actively oversees our numerous environmental, sustainability, social, and corporate governance policies and initiatives , receives periodic reports on and discusses our enterprise risk assessments, and reviews shareholder feedback on these topics as we evolve our practices and disclosures.
We have robust stock ownership guidelines for our directors.
We engage year-round with our shareholders and other stakeholders, and our lead director and other independent directors periodically meet with our large and long-term shareholders.
Our Board has significant interaction with and access to senior management and other employees.
Our Board and the Leadership Development and Compensation Committee annually review executive succession planning .
Our Board and individual directors conduct annual peer performance evaluations .
We prohibit hedging , speculative, and derivative security transactions by directors, executive officers, and other senior employees.
Shareholders owning at least 25% of our outstanding shares have the right to call a special meeting of the shareholders.
Shareholders have a proxy access right on market-standard terms.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Global Impact Highlights
Our Customers
We exist to make customers’ lives better and easier and relentlessly invent to do so. We have a wide range of customers, including consumers, sellers, brands, developers, enterprises, and creators.
We deliver low prices, vast selection, and convenient services. In the last year, we:
Held our biggest Prime Day, with members purchasing over 300 million items and saving over $1.7 billion. We also launched our Prime Early Access Sale, followed by a record-breaking Black Friday through Cyber Monday sales event.
Introduced new health care options, including Amazon Clinic, a message-based virtual health service, and RxPass, a Prime
membership benefit that offers access to unlimited eligible prescription medications for $5 per month.
Launched new and enhanced devices and services, including new Fire TV devices; the next generation of Echo Dot and Echo Auto; new Kindle devices; an expanded Ring lineup; and innovative Alexa features and experiences.
Provided world-class entertainment through Amazon Originals, Prime Video, Audible, Amazon Games, Twitch, Amazon Music, Prime Gaming, and more. Some of this year’s highlights include premiering the series The Lord of the Rings: The Rings of Power , streaming NFL Thursday Night Football , and releasing the online game Lost Ark .
Introduced new ways for customers to support small businesses through the Small Business badge, which helps customers find products from artisans, and the Black-Owned Business badge, which helps customers shop Black-owned businesses.
Invented new ways for customers to discover products, including Inspire, which is a feed with content from customers, influencers, and brands personalized for selected interests, and Amazon Style, which is a physical fashion store with a selection of apparel, shoes, and accessories.
We provide tools and resources to help sellers grow their own companies in Amazon’s store. There are over 1.7 million small- and medium-sized businesses in more than 130 countries around the world selling on Amazon.com. In 2022, we:
Announced more than 20 new and improved products, tools, and features to fuel success among entrepreneurs and small businesses during Accelerate, our annual seller conference.
Launched Buy with Prime to help merchants build customer relationships by letting them offer Prime customers fast and free delivery; a seamless checkout experience; and easy returns through their own websites.
Protected brands and selling partners from counterfeit, fraud, and other forms of abuse. Amazon strictly prohibits counterfeit products in our store, and we identified, seized, and appropriately disposed of more than 3 million counterfeit products. Amazon has zero tolerance for fake reviews . We pursued several private lawsuits targeting bad actors that operate more than 11,000 websites and social media groups that attempt to orchestrate fake reviews.
Built more automated, self-service advertising features that opened new opportunities for brands and selling partners while also enabling increased efficiency.
We offer highly secure, reliable, scalable, and low-cost cloud technology for fast-growing startups and large enterprises, as well as nonprofits and government agencies. As of the end of 2022, AWS had 96 Availability Zones within 30 geographic Regions globally. In addition, AWS:
Announced plans to launch at least 15 more Availability Zones across five more AWS Regions.
Launched thousands of new features and services in 2022, which included expanding the range of AWS’s own advanced custom chips; launching specialized solutions such as AWS CleanRooms, AWS IoT Twinmaker, and AWS Supply Chain to help customers solve their most pressing business challenges; and putting into the hands of customers the most advanced machine learning with AWS SageMaker.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Our People
We continue to invest in offering competitive pay and benefits for our people around the world. In the U.S., this includes an average wage for our front-line employees of more than $19 per hour and comprehensive benefits for regular full-time employees. These benefits include health, vision, and dental insurance; a 401(k) with a company match; up to 20 weeks of paid parental leave for birthing parents; adoption assistance; and access to Amazon’s Career Choice program. Amazon has been named No. 2 on Fortune’s World’s Most Admired Companies list for seven years running and is currently ranked on LinkedIn’s Top Companies lists.
Amazon continues to offer leading programs for its employees and Delivery Service Partners, including:
Expanded career advancement and development programs for front-line employees. We want to make it easy for people to have access to the skills they need to grow their careers.
One of the programs that helps our employees advance their skills is Amazon’s Career Choice program. In 2022, we celebrated the 10-year anniversary of Career Choice, an education benefit that empowers employees to learn new skills for career success that has seen over 100,000 employees participate so far.
As another example, in 2022 we launched the Amazon Intelligence Initiative to offer employees the opportunity to enhance technical skills and gain placements in engineering roles within AWS.
A commitment to safety, health, and well-being. Our work environments allow employees, regardless of background, skill level, or experience, to work with confidence. Our scale, resources, and technology allow us to undertake initiatives that benefit the entire industry.
For example, we are investing to create technology to improve universal fork truck safety, and we established a first-of-its-kind partnership with the National Safety Council to uncover new ways to prevent and address musculoskeletal disorders, the most common workplace injury.
A workforce with perspectives and knowledge of people from all backgrounds, which we believe is integral to our ability
to innovate on behalf of our customers.
In 2022, we made progress on our diversity, equity, and inclusion goals and e