Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (the “NESG Committee”) regularly reviews the commitments of our directors, including the number of other public company directorships.
When considering any requests to serve on additional public company boards, our Board, with the NESG Committee, carefully reviews such director’s prior time and attention to our Board and ability to continue to dedicate sufficient time to fulfill the responsibilities required as a member of our Board. Our Board also considers such director’s contributions to our Board, our full Board’s skill and diversity composition and whether such director’s service with the other public company boards will impact service on our Board and the committees on which the director is a member, including if the other public company is a special purpose acquisition company.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Resignation Offered with Significant Job Change
Any director who retires from or terminates his or her present employment or who materially changes his or her position is required to submit an offer of resignation as a director of our Board. This provides our Board the opportunity to evaluate whether the individual should continue to sit on our Board in light of the director’s new occupational status. Our Board, following review by the NESG Committee, may invite any such director to remain a director if our Board determines that continued access to such director’s knowledge, skills and experience is in the best interests of Broadcom and our stockholders.
Resignation Offered at Age 75
Our Board does not currently believe that a mandatory retirement age for non-employee directors is necessary and that continued service by a particular director may be in the best interests of Broadcom and our stockholders. However, when a non-employee director reaches the age of 75 years, the director is required to offer such director’s resignation to our Board, to be effective as of the next annual meeting of stockholders. This allows our Board to evaluate the composition and needs of our Board and determine whether continued service of such director is in the best interests of Broadcom and our stockholders, taking into consideration that it is important to have directors who understand our business, operations, technology, strategy and industry.
STOCK OWNERSHIP GUIDELINES
The Compensation Committee has put in place robust stock ownership guidelines for our non-employee directors and executive officers as outlined below:
Position
​ ​ Stock Ownership
Non-Employee Director
​ ​ 5x Annual Cash Retainer
​ ​ 6x Base Salary
Other Executive Officers
​ ​ 3x Base Salary
Shares owned outright or beneficially owned in a trust, as well as unvested restricted stock unit (“RSU”) awards and earned-but-unvested PSU awards count towards achieving the stock ownership guidelines. Shares subject to outstanding stock options awards do not count towards achieving the stock ownership guidelines.
Our non-employee directors and executive officers are expected to satisfy the applicable stock ownership guidelines within five years of the date on which they become a director or an executive officer and hold at least such minimum value in shares of common stock while they remain a director or an executive officer.
Based on the closing price of Broadcom common stock on the Record Date, all of our non-employee directors and executive officers have met the level of ownership in our stock ownership guidelines.
ANTI-HEDGING AND TRADING RESTRICTIONS
Our insider trading policy prohibits our directors and employees, including our executive officers, from hedging or pledging our securities, making short sales or trading in derivative securities related to our securities.
CEO AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT SUCCESSION PLANNING
Our Board is actively engaged and involved in CEO and senior management succession planning. Our Board discusses CEO succession planning at least bi-annually. Our Board has developed an interim contingency and a longer-term CEO succession plan. The interim contingency plan would utilize internal candidates and become effective in the event our CEO unexpectedly becomes unable to perform his duties, in order to minimize disruption to the business and preserve operational continuity. The longer-term CEO succession plan is currently focused on the development of internal candidates, as well as on maintaining business and operational continuity. In addition, our Board, with our CEO and Vice President of Human Resources, regularly discusses senior management succession planning and reviews the composition of senior management. Our Board reviews the qualifications and experience of the potential successors and the development priorities and achievements of the potential successors. Our Board also engages with the potential internal successors at least annually at Board meetings and in less formal settings.
​ ​ 7
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CORPORATE SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
Our Board, through the NESG Committee, oversees our environment, climate, diversity and inclusion, governance and human rights in the supply chain matters, including our corporate social responsibility and sustainability program and initiatives. The NESG Committee receives quarterly updates from management on these matters and regularly updates our Board. Our Board also reviews our annual Environmental, Social and Governance Report.
In February 2024, we published our Environmental, Social and Governance Report for fiscal 2023 (the “Report”). In the Report, we discuss our fiscal 2023 corporate social responsibility and sustainability program and initiatives, including our products that help our customers with sustainability, our human rights program within our supply chain, our talented and dedicated workforce and our environmental impact. We also disclosed in the Report our progress in reducing our Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions in line with the UN Paris Agreement and Science Based Targets Initiative goal to limit global warming to 1.5o Celsius above pre-industrial levels.
We prepared the Report leveraging the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards (core option), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Semiconductors and Software & IT Services Industry Standards and the framework developed by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).
Additional information about our corporate social responsibility and sustainability program and initiatives is in the Report, which is located in the Corporate Citizenship and the Investor Center sections of our website. The Report and our website are not part of or incorporated by reference into the Proxy Statement.
STOCKHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
Our Board values open and ongoing engagement with our stockholders to develop a better understanding of our stockholders’ views on various matters, including executive compensation, succession planning, risk oversight and sustainability. Our Compensation Committee Chair, together with representatives from the Legal and Human Resources teams, annually engage with our stockholders in a robust stockholder engagement program.
Prior to the 2023 annual meeting, we contacted our stockholders representing over 54% of our common stock outstanding and engaged with stockholders representing 49% of our common stock outstanding. Our Chairman of the Board, Lead Independent Director and Compensation Committee Chair, along with representatives from the Legal and Human Resources teams, participated in these meetings. A variety of topics, including risk management and succession planning, were discussed in these meetings; however, the primary topic was executive compensation.
We increased our engagement with our stockholders in fiscal 2023 and met with our stockholders after the 2023 annual meeting due to the level of support the Say-on-Pay proposal received at the 2023 annual meeting. More information about our engagement with our stockholders and our Board’s response to o