corporate responsibility and sustainability, and our public reporting on these topics.
In response to increasing interest in corporate social responsibility and sustainability reporting in our sector and generally, we plan to produce our first report on corporate responsibility and sustainability matters following the conclusion of our Fiscal Year 2020.
Executive Committee
The Executive Committee is comprised of our CEO, the Chairman of the Board and such other directors as our Board appoints.
Members
Primary Responsibilities
Meetings in Fiscal Year 2019
Henry Samueli, Ph.D. (Chair)
Eddy W. Hartenstein
Justine F. Page
Hock E. Tan
Review and approve, subject to specified limitations:
• investments, acquisitions, dispositions and capital expenditures;
• new or incremental debt financings or borrowings, or amendments thereto, or refinancings thereof, including convertible debt, bond financing and commercial paper; and
• treasury, cash management and other banking matters.
Review and provide recommendations to our Board on matters requiring full Board approval, including:
• business opportunities, strategies and proposals, and other strategic matters;
• business plans, annual budgets, targets, operational plans, capital structure and dividend policy;
• proposed transactions that exceed its approval thresholds; and
• efficient organization and management structure of our Company.
Director Nominations
In accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board seeks individuals to serve as directors who have the highest personal and professional integrity, who have demonstrated exceptional ability and judgment and who are effective in providing the diversity of skills and background, soundness of judgment appropriate for the business and operations of our Company, and serving the long-term interests of the stockholders.
When evaluating director candidates, the Nominating/Governance Committee seeks to ensure that our Board has the requisite skills, experience and expertise, and that its members consist of persons with appropriately diverse and independent backgrounds. The Nominating/Governance Committee will consider all aspects of a candidate’s qualifications in the context of the needs of our Company, including:
independence from management;
personal and professional integrity, ethics and values;
experience as an officer in corporate management;
experience and expertise in our industry and international business and familiarity with Broadcom;
experience as a board member of another public company;
practical and mature business judgment;
diversity of background and perspective (inclusive of age, ethnicity, experience, gender and race);
current Board size and composition and the extent to which a candidate would fill a present need on our Board; and
the other ongoing commitments and obligations of the candidate.
The Nominating/Governance Committee will consider nominee recommendations from its members, other Board members and members of our management, as well as nominees recommended by our stockholders. The Nominating/Governance Committee has from time to time also engaged third-party search firms to assist in identifying and evaluating possible candidates. Ms. Page, who joined our Board in June 2019, was first suggested as a prospective Board candidate by members of our Board, and Mr. Fernandez, who joined our Board in January 2020, was first suggested as a prospective candidate by members of our executive team. Both Ms. Page and Mr. Fernandez were then evaluated by the Nominating/Governance Committee according to its practice described above.
See “ Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations for the 2021 Annual Meeting ” on page 59 for information on the requirements for director nominations, including nominations using proxy access.
Code of Ethics and Business Conduct
Our Board has adopted a Code of Ethics and Business Conduct that is applicable to all members of our Board, executive officers and employees, including our CEO, Chief Financial Officer (“CFO”) and principal accounting officer, a copy of which is available in the “Investor Center—Corporate Governance—Documents” section of our website, or upon request to: Investor Relations, Broadcom Inc., 1320 Ridder Park Drive, San Jose, California 95131.
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Our Board is committed to ensuring that the long-term interests of stockholders are being served. As such, our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Guidelines, a copy of which is available in the “Investor Center—Corporate Governance—Documents” section of our website, or upon request to: Investor Relations, Broadcom Inc., 1320 Ridder Park Drive, San Jose, California 95131. Some of the governance best practices included in our Corporate Governance Guidelines are as follow:
Protections against Director Overboarding
To ensure that our directors are not over-committed and have adequate time to fulfill their duties on our Board, directors may not serve on more than four other public company boards without prior approval, except that a director who also serves as the chief executive officer of a public company should not serve on more than two public company boards in addition to our Board.
Resignation Offered with Significant Job Change
Any director who retires from or terminates his or her present employment, or who materially changes his or her position, is required to submit an offer of resignation as a director of our Board. This provides our Board the opportunity to evaluate whether the individual should continue to sit on our Board in light of his or her new occupational status. Our Board may invite any such director to remain a director if our Board determines that continued access to such director’s knowledge, skills and experience is in the best interests of our Company and our stockholders.
Resignation Offered at Age 75
Our Board does not currently believe that a mandatory retirement age for non-employee directors is necessary, and that continued service by a particular director may be in the best interests of our Company and our stockholders. However, when a non-employee director reaches the age of 75 years, he or she is required to offer his or her resignation to our Board, to be effective as of the next annual meeting of stockholders. This allows our Board to evaluate the composition and needs of our Board and the interests of our Company and our stockholders.
Succession Planning
Our Board oversees CEO and key management personnel succession planning, which is reviewed by the Board at least bi-annually. Our CEO and Vice President of Human Resources regularly provide our Board with recommendations and evaluations of potential successors for our CEO and other senior management personnel, and review their qualifications and experience. Our Board also regularly reviews the development priorities and achievements of these individuals with our CEO and Vice President of Human Resources. Directors engage with potential CEO and key management personnel successors at least annually at Board meetings and in less formal settings to allow directors to personally assess the candidates. Further, our Board periodically reviews the overall composition of our key management personnel’s qualifications, tenure and experience.
Our Board has developed a CEO succession plan, both on an interim and a longer-term basis. The interim plan would utilize internal candidates and will become effective in the event our CEO unexpectedly becomes unable to perform his duties, in order to minimize potential disruption or loss of continuity to our Company’s business and operations. The longer-term CEO succession plan is also currently focused on the development of identified internal candidates, as well as on maintaining business and operational continuity.
Stock Ownership Guidelines
Based on competitive market data and after consultation with Compensia, Inc. (“Compensia”), the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultants,