Environmental, Social and Governance
Committee (the “NESG Committee”) regularly reviews the commitment of our directors, including the number of other public company
directorships.
When considering any requests to serve on
additional public company boards, our Board, with the NESG Committee, carefully reviews such director’s prior time and attention
to our Board and ability to continue to dedicate sufficient time to fulfill the responsibilities required as a member of our Board. Our
Board also considers such directors’ contributions to our Board, our full Board’s skill and diversity composition and whether
such director’s service with the other public company boards will impact service on our Board and committees on which the director
is a member, including if the other public company is a special purpose acquisition company.
• Resignation Offered with Significant Job Change
Any director who retires from or terminates
his or her present employment, or who materially changes his or her position, is required to submit an offer of resignation as a director
of our Board. This provides our Board the opportunity to evaluate whether the individual should continue to sit on our Board in light
of the director’s new occupational status. Our Board may invite any such director to remain a director if our Board determines that
continued access to such director’s knowledge, skills and experience is in the best interests of Broadcom and our stockholders.
• Resignation Offered at Age 75
Longer serving directors have valuable insight
about our business, operations, history, policies and objectives. Our Board does not currently believe that a mandatory retirement age
for non-employee directors is necessary, and that continued service by a particular director may be in the best interests of Broadcom
and our stockholders. However, when a non-employee director reaches the age of 75 years, the director is required to offer such director’s
resignation to our Board, to be effective as of the next annual meeting of stockholders. This allows our Board to evaluate the composition
and needs of our Board and determine whether continued service of such director is in the best interests of Broadcom and our stockholders.
6 2023 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Stock Ownership Guidelines
Based on competitive market data and after consultation
with the Compensation Committee’s independent compensation consultant, the stock ownership guidelines for our non-employee directors
and executive officers are as follows:
Position
Aggregate
Value*
Non-employee
Director
annual cash retainer
base salary
Executive
Officer
base salary
*Fair market value of common stock based on the closing
price per share as quoted on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on the date of valuation.
Our non-employee directors and executive officers are
expected to satisfy the applicable guidelines within five years of the date on which they become a director or an executive officer and
to hold at least such minimum value in shares of common stock while they remain a director or an executive officer.
Shares held in a trust or other estate-planning vehicle
established by a non-employee director or an executive officer, which they beneficially own under SEC rules, count toward achieving the
applicable level of stock ownership. Outstanding RSU and PSU awards for which the performance criteria have been met count toward achieving
the applicable level of stock ownership at a rate of 100%. Shares subject to outstanding stock options awards do not count towards achieving
the applicable stock ownership level.
As of the Record Date, all of our non-employee directors
and executive officers have met the level of stock ownership set forth under the guidelines.
Anti-Hedging and Trading Restrictions
Our insider trading policy prohibits our directors and
employees, including our executive officers, from hedging or pledging our securities, making short sales or trading in derivative securities
related to our securities.
CEO and Senior Management Succession Planning
Our Board is actively involved in the CEO and senior
management succession planning. Our Board discusses CEO succession planning at least bi-annually. Our Board has developed an interim and
a longer-term CEO succession plan. The interim plan would utilize internal candidates and become effective in the event our CEO unexpectedly
becomes unable to perform his duties, in order to minimize potential disruption or loss of continuity to the business and operations.
The longer-term CEO succession plan is currently focused on the development of internal candidates, as well as on maintaining business
and operational continuity. In addition, our Board, with our CEO and Vice President of Human Resources, regularly discuss senior management
succession planning and review the composition of senior management. Our Board reviews the qualifications and experience of the potential
successors and the development priorities and achievements of the potential successors, and our Board engages with the potential internal
successors at least annually at Board meetings and in less formal settings.
Corporate Social Responsibility
Our Board, through the NESG Committee, oversees our
environment, climate, diversity and inclusion, human rights and governance (“ESG”) matters, including our corporate social
responsibility and sustainability program and initiatives. The NESG Committee receives quarterly updates from management on ESG matters
and regularly updates the Board.
Broadcom Inc. 7
Table of Contents
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
In February 2023, we published our annual Environmental,
Social and Governance Report for Fiscal Year 2022 (the “ESG Report”). In the ESG Report, we discuss our Fiscal Year 2022
ESG program and initiatives, including our products that help our customers with sustainability, our human rights program within our
supply chain, our talented and dedicated workforce, and our environmental impact.
We also disclosed in the ESG Report our goal to reduce
our Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions in line with the UN Paris Agreement and Science Based Targets Initiative goal to limit
global warming to 1.5o Celsius above pre-industrial levels.
We prepared the ESG Report leveraging the Global Reporting Initiative
(GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards (core option), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Semiconductors and Software
& IT Services Industry Standards and the framework developed by the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). The
ESG Report is also reviewed by the full Board.
Additional information about our corporate social responsibility
and sustainability program and initiatives is in the ESG Report, which is located in the Citizenship and the Investor Center sections
of our website. The ESG Report and our website are not part of or incorporated by reference into the Proxy Statement.
Stockholder Engagement
We recognize the importance of actively engaging with
and understanding the concerns of our stockholders. Our Board and executive officers value the input from our stockholders. Our Lead Independent
Director and chairperson of the Compensation Committee, together with members of management, annually engage with our stockholders in
a robust stockholder engagement program.
In Fiscal Year 2022, we contacted stockholders beneficially
owning over 50% of our then outstanding shares of common stock and engaged with stockholders owning approximately 49% of our then outstanding
stock. Our Lead Independent Director and chairperson of the Compensation Committee, along with members of management, participated in
these engagements and discussed a variety of topics, including board composition, risk management, corporate governance, ESG initiatives,
corporate social responsibility, executive compensation and succession planning.
We continued to meet with our stockholders into Fiscal
Year 2023 to discuss the progress of our ESG prio