Corporate Social Responsibility
Our Board, through the Nominating, Environmental, Social and Governance Committee (“NESG Committee”), oversees our environment, climate, diversity and inclusion, human rights and governance (“ESG”) matters, including our corporate social responsibility and sustainability program and initiatives. The NESG Committee receives quarterly updates from management on ESG matters and regularly updates the Board.
In February 2022, we published our annual Environmental, Social and Governance Report for Fiscal Year 2021 (the “ESG Report”). In our ESG Report, we discuss our Fiscal Year 2021 ESG program and initiatives, including our products that help our customers with sustainability, our human rights program within our supply chain, our talented and dedicated workforce, and our environmental impact. We prepared our ESG Report leveraging the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Sustainability Reporting Standards (core option), the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Semiconductors and Software & IT Services Industry Standards and the framework developed by the Task Force on Climate-Related
Broadcom Inc. 7
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Our ESG Report is reviewed by the full Board. For more information regarding our corporate social responsibility and sustainability program and initiatives, see our ESG Report on the Citizenship and the Investor Center sections of our website. Our ESG Report and website are not part of or incorporated by reference into the Proxy Statement.
Stockholder Engagement
We recognize the importance of actively engaging with and understanding the concerns of our stockholders. Our Lead Independent Director and chairperson of the Compensation Committee, together with members of management, annually engage with our stockholders in a robust stockholder engagement program.
In Fiscal Year 2021, we contacted stockholder s beneficially owning over 60% of our then outstanding shares of common stock and engaged with stockholders owning over 57% o f our then outstanding stock. Our Lead Independent Director and chairperson of the Compensation Committee, along with our Chairman of the Board and members of management, participated in these engagements and discussed a variety of topics, including the proposed amendment and restatement of our 2012 Stock Incentive Plan (the “2012 Plan”), executive management promotions, executive compensation, equity compensation, and ESG corporate social responsibility and sustainability.
Following the 2021 annual meeting and continuing into Fiscal Year 2022, we continued to meet with our stockholders to discuss the progress of our ESG corporate social responsibility and sustainability program and initiatives.
Stockholder Communications With Our Board
You may communicate with our Board at the following address:
The Board of Directors
Broadcom Inc.
c/o Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer
1320 Ridder Park Drive
San Jose, California 95131
Communications are distributed to our Board or to any individual director, as appropriate, depending on the facts and circumstances outlined in the communication. Communications that are unduly hostile, threatening, illegal or similarly unsuitable will be excluded, but will be made available to any director upon request.
8 2022 Proxy Statement
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Our Board oversees the conduct of our business by our senior management, provides guidance on our strategic and business planning processes, is principally responsible for the succession planning for our key executives, including our CEO, and ensures that the long-term interests of stockholders are being served.
Director Independence
Our Board annually reviews the independence of each director and nominee and considers whether such individual has a material relationship with Broadcom that could compromise their ability to exercise independent judgment in carrying out their responsibilities. For the purposes of assessing a director’s independence, our Board reviewed transactions and relationships between Broadcom and an entity where a director or nominee serves as a director and/or is the beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of such entity, or where a director or nominee for director serves on a non-employee advisory board of, or in a non-employee advisory capacity to, such an entity.
While Dr. Samueli is now considered independent under the Nasdaq Stock Market (“Nasdaq”) listing standards, Dr. Samueli would not be deemed independent until December 2023 under Institutional Shareholder Services (ISS) and Glass Lewis proxy voting policies. Accordingly, our Board has determined that Messrs. Fernandez, Hartenstein, Low and You and Mses. Bryant, Delly and Page, representing seven of our nine director nominees, are currently “independent directors.”
Board Leadership Structure
Our Board currently believes that Broadcom and its stockholders are best served by a Board leadership structure in which the roles of the CEO and the Chairman of the Board are held by different individuals, and that there be a Lead Independent Director if the Chairman is not independent. Under this structure our CEO is generally responsible for setting the strategic direction of Broadcom and for the day-to-day management of our operations. The independent Chairman or the Lead Independent Director, as applicable, provides strong independent leadership to assist our Board in fulfilling its oversight role of management and our risk management practices, approves the agenda for Board meetings and presides over Board meetings and over the meetings of our independent directors in executive session. Our Board annually reviews its leadership structure to determine whether it continues to best serve Broadcom and its stockholders. Currently, Mr. Tan serves as our President and CEO, Dr. Samueli serves as our Chairman of the Board and Mr. Hartenstein serves as our Lead Independent Director. As a result of the review, our Board has decided that the current leadership structure and division of responsibilities should be continued.
Director Nominations
In accordance with our Corporate Governance Guidelines, our Board seeks individuals to serve as directors who have the highest personal and professional integrity, demonstrated exceptional ability and judgment, and diversity of skills, experience and background appropriate for the business and operations of Broadcom.
When evaluating director candidates, the NESG Committee seeks to ensure that our Board has the requisite skills, experience and expertise, and that our Board consist of persons with appropriately diverse and independent backgrounds.
The NESG Committee will consider all aspects of a candidate’s qualifications in the context of the needs of Broadcom, including:
• personal and professional integrity, ethics and values
• experience as an officer in corporate management
• experience and expertise in our industry and international business and familiarity with Broadcom
• experience as a board member of another public company
• practical and mature business judgment
• diversity of background and perspective (inclusive of age, ethnicity, experience, gender and race)
• current Board size and composition and the extent to which a candidate would fill a present need on our Board
• other ongoing commitments and obligations of the candidate
• independence from management
Broadcom Inc. 9
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The NESG Committee will consider nominee recommendations from its members, other Board members and members of our management, as well as nominees recommended by our stockholders. The NESG Committee has from time to time also engaged third-party search firms to assist in identifying and evaluating possible candidates.
See “ Other Information – Stockholder Proposals and Director Nominations for the 2023 Annual Meeting ” below for information on the requirements for director nominations, including nominations using proxy access.
Director Attendance and Meetings
Ou