Corporate Social Responsibility
Wide-ranging director orientation and continuing educational programs
For a detailed discussion of our corporate governance framework and our director nominees, please see “Corporate Governance at
American Express” beginning on page 5.
4 AMERICAN
EXPRESS | 2020
PROXY REPORT
Table of Contents
Corporate Governance at American Express
Item 1: Election of Directors for a Term of One Year
Our Board currently has 13 members. Each director is standing for election to hold office until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until their successors are
duly elected and qualified. Our Board has appointed Laureen E. Seeger, Tangela S. Richter and Kristina V. Fink as proxies to vote your shares on your behalf. The proxies intend to vote for the election of each of the 13 candidates nominated by the
Board unless you indicate otherwise on your proxy or voting instruction form or when you vote by telephone or online. Each candidate has consented to being named in this proxy statement and serving as a director, if elected. However, if any nominee
is not able to serve, the Board can either nominate a different person or reduce the size of the Board. If the Board nominates another individual, the persons named as proxies may vote for that nominee.
Our Director Nominees
Our director nominees hold and have held senior positions as leaders of various large, complex businesses and organizations and in government, demonstrating their
ability to develop and execute significant and complex policy and operational objectives at the highest levels. Our nominees have been chief executive officers, chief financial officers, chief operating officers and members of senior management of
large, global businesses. Through these roles, our nominees have developed expertise in core business strategy, operations, finance, human capital management and leadership development, compliance, controls and risk management, as well as the skills
to respond to rapidly evolving business environments and foster innovation and business transformation. Additionally, our nominees’ experiences serving in government and on other boards bring valuable knowledge and expertise in the areas of
public policy, governance, succession planning, compensation, financial reporting, and regulatory compliance.
Detailed biographical information for each director
nominee follows. We have included career highlights, other public directorships and select professional and community contributions along with the top qualifications, experience, skills and expertise that we believe each director brings to our
Board. Our Board considered all of the aforementioned attributes and the results of our annual board evaluations when deciding to re-nominate the following directors.
2020 PROXY REPORT | AMERICAN
EXPRESS 5
Table of Contents
Charlene
Barshefsky
Senior International Partner, WilmerHale
Director since 2001
Independent
Career Highlights
Senior International Partner at WilmerHale where she advises U.S. and international companies on international business transactions, government relations, market access, and foreign government regulation of business
and investments
Former U.S. Trade Representative and member of President Clinton’s Cabinet, where she served as chief trade negotiator and principal trade policymaker for the United States, negotiating complex market access,
regulatory, and investment agreements with virtually every major country in the world
Specific qualifications, experience,
skills and expertise:
High-level government service
Expertise negotiating with foreign governments
Advisor to firms on doing business in international markets
Broad legal and public policy experience
Public company governance
Select Professional and Community Contributions
Trustee, Howard Hughes Medical Institute
Member, Council on Foreign Relations
Other Current Public Directorships
The Estée Lauder Companies Inc.
Other Public Directorships in the past five years
Starwood Hotels & Resorts Worldwide, Inc.
Intel Corporation
John J.
Brennan
Chairman Emeritus and Senior Advisor, The Vanguard Group,
Inc.
Director since 2017
Independent
Career Highlights
Chairman emeritus and senior advisor of The Vanguard Group, Inc., a global investment management company
Former CEO, CFO and Chairman of the Board of The Vanguard Group, Inc.
Former Chairman of the Board of Governors of The Financial Industry Regulatory Authority (FINRA), a U.S. financial services industry regulator
Former Chairman of the Financial Accounting Foundation, an overseer of financial accounting and reporting standard-setting boards
Specific qualifications, experience, skills and expertise:
Core business, operations and management
CFO and financial accounting expertise
Risk and audit oversight
Financial industry operations and regulation
Institutional investor perspective
Select Professional and Community Contributions
Chairman, Board of Trustees of the University of Notre Dame
Chairman, Vanguard Charitable Endowment Program
Founding Trustee, King Abdullah University of Science and Technology
Other Public Directorships in the past five years
General Electric Company
LPL Financial Holdings, Inc.
6 AMERICAN
EXPRESS | 2020
PROXY REPORT
Table of Contents
Peter
Chernin
Founder and CEO, Chernin Entertainment, LLC
Director since 2006
Independent
Career Highlights
Founder and CEO of Chernin Entertainment, LLC, a film and television production company, and The Chernin Group, LLC, which focuses on strategic opportunities in media, technology and entertainment
Co-Founder and Partner of TCG, a multi-stage investment firm dedicated to building consumer businesses
Former President, Chief Operating Officer and director of News Corporation
Former Chairman and CEO of the Fox Group, where he oversaw the global operations of the company’s film, television, satellite cable and digital media businesses
Specific qualifications, experience, skills and expertise:
Core business, operations and management
Experience building global media businesses
Digital business development
Brand and marketing expertise
Public company governance
Select Professional and Community Contributions
Co-Chairman and Co-Founder, Malaria No More
Director and Co-chair, Board of Visitors of the University of California, Berkeley
Former Director, Harvard AIDS Initiative
Other Public Directorships in the past five years
Pandora Media, Inc.
Twitter, Inc.
Ralph de la
Vega
Former Vice Chairman, AT&T Inc.
Director since 2016
Independent
Career Highlights
Former Vice Chairman of AT&T Inc. and CEO of Business Solutions and International, where he led AT&T’s Integrated Business Solutions group (both mobile and IP services), which served nearly all of the
Fortune 1000 firms globally, AT&T’s Mexican wireless business and DIRECTV Latin America
Former President and CEO of AT&T Mobile and Business Solutions
Former Chief Operating Officer of Cingular Wireless
Specific qualifications, experience, skills
and expertise:
Core business, operations and management
Global business leader
Deep business experience in Latin America
Digital and mobile technology expertise
Financial accounting expertise
Select Professional and Community Contributions
Director, Junior Achievement Worldwide
Director, Latino Donor Collaborative
Former Executive Board Member, Boy Scouts of America
Other Current Public Directorships
Amdocs
2020 PROXY REPORT | AMERICAN
EXPRESS 7
Table of Contents
Anne
Lauvergeon
Chairman and CEO, A.L.P.
Director since 2013
Independent
Career Highlights
Chairman and CEO of A.L.P., a private French advisory company
Chairman of Sigfox, an internet of things operator
Chairman of IB2
Former CEO of Areva
Former Advisor for Economic International Affairs to the French Presidency and Deputy Chief of Staff
Specific qualifications, experience, skills and expertise:
Core business, operations and management
Deep business experience in Europe
Government experience
Public policy experience in sustainability
Global business lead