Human
Capital Management Report published in October 2020, also available on our annual meeting website.
Our Board remains committed to building long-term value in the
company and returning excess capital to our shareholders. On behalf of the directors, I join Brian, Lionel, and the management team in thanking you for choosing to invest in Bank of America.
It has been my great pleasure to serve as your Lead Independent Director.
JACK O. BOVENDER, JR.
Lead Independent Director
Table of Contents
Notice of 2021 annual meeting of shareholders
Date and time:
April 20,
2021
10:00 a.m., Eastern time
Live audio
webcast:
www.virtualshareholder
meeting.com/BAC2021
Matters to
be voted on:
Electing the 16 directors named in the proxy statement
A proposal approving our executive compensation (an advisory, non-binding “Say on Pay” resolution)
A proposal ratifying the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm for 2021
A proposal amending and restating our Key Employee Equity Plan
Shareholder proposals, if they are properly presented at our annual meeting
Any other business that may properly come before our annual meeting
Your vote is very important:
Please submit your proxy as soon as possible by internet, telephone, or mail. Submitting your proxy by one of these methods will ensure your representation at the annual
meeting regardless of whether you attend the meeting.
Your vote is important—we want to hear from you and all of our other shareholders. On behalf of every
shareholder account that votes, Bank of America will make a $1 charitable donation in equal parts to the National Urban League and UnidosUS in support of our ongoing focus on advancing economic opportunity and racial equality.
Please refer to page 94 of this proxy statement for additional information on how to vote your shares and attend our annual meeting virtually.
Record date:
Bank of America shareholders as of
the close of business on March 1, 2021 will be entitled to vote at our annual meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting.
In support of the health and safety of
our shareholders and employees, we will hold our annual meeting this year solely by means of remote communication via audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BAC2021 . You will be able to participate in the virtual annual meeting
online, vote your shares electronically, and submit questions during the meeting, and shareholders of record may view the list of registered holders entitled to vote at our annual meeting. You will not be able to attend the annual meeting in
person.
By order of the Board of Directors,
ROSS E. JEFFRIES, JR.
Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
March 8, 2021
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 20, 2021:
Our 2021 Proxy Statement and 2020 Annual Report to shareholders are available at https://about.bankofamerica.com/annualmeeting .
Table of Contents
Proxy statement summary
Your vote is important
How to vote your shares
You may vote
if you were a shareholder as of the close of business on March 1, 2021.
Proposals for your vote
Board voting recommendation
Page
1. Electing directors
2. Approving our executive compensation
(an advisory, non-binding “Say on Pay” resolution)
3. Ratifying the appointment of our independent
registered public accounting firm
for 2021
4. Amending and restating the Bank of America Corporation
Key Employee Equity
Plan
5-8. Shareholder proposals
Your vote is important—we want to hear from you and all of our other shareholders. On behalf of every shareholder account that votes, Bank of America will make a $1
charitable donation in equal parts to the National Urban League and UnidosUS. Contributing to these organizations aligns with our ongoing focus on advancing economic opportunity and racial equality.
The National Urban League is the largest civil rights and urban advocacy
organization focused on economic empowerment for African Americans through direct services in education and job training, housing and community development, workforce development, entrepreneurship, and health. UnidosUS, formerly the National Council
of La Raza, is the nation’s largest Latino civil rights and advocacy organization serving the Hispanic community in the areas of civic engagement, civil rights and immigration, education, workforce and the economy, health, and housing through
research, advocacy, programs, and a national network of community-based affiliates across the country.
For more information about our $1 charitable donation, see page 95.
To review our 2021 Proxy Statement, 2020 Annual Report, and other information relating to our 2021 annual meeting online, go to
https://about.bankofamerica.com/annualmeeting .
Attending the annual meeting
To attend, vote and submit questions during our annual meeting, visit www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BAC2021 and enter the control number found in the email or
on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials previously notifying you of the availability of our proxy materials, or on the proxy card or voting instruction form. If you do not have a control number, you may still attend the meeting as
a guest in listen only mode, but you will not be able to vote your shares or otherwise participate in the meeting.
We encourage shareholders to log in to the website
and access the webcast early, beginning approximately 15 minutes before the annual meeting’s 10:00 a.m., Eastern time start time. If you experience technical difficulties, please contact the technical support telephone number posted on
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BAC2021 . See “Attending our annual meeting” on page 96.
As always, we encourage you to vote your shares prior
to the meeting.
2021 PROXY STATEMENT
Table of Contents
Proxy statement summary
Strategic objectives
What would you like the power to do? ®
At Bank of America, we ask this question every day of all those we serve. It is at the core of how we live our values, deliver
our purpose and achieve Responsible Growth.
Our values
• Deliver together
• Act responsibly
• Realize the power of
our people
• Trust the team
Our purpose
To help make financial lives better, through the power of every connection
Responsible growth
• We must grow and win
in the market
– no excuses
• We must grow with our customer-focused strategy
• We must grow within
our risk framework
• We must grow in a sustainable
manner
Eight lines of business—how we serve the core financial needs of people, companies, and institutions
2020 Company Performance — Responsible Growth
($ in billions, unless otherwise indicated)
GROW AND WIN IN THE
MARKET — NO EXCUSES
2020
CHANGE FROM 2019
Net income
$17.9
(34.8%)
Revenue
$85.5
(6.3%)
Average loans in business segments
$954.3
42.4%
Average deposits
$1,633
18.3%
Share repurchases and common stock dividends
$13.3
(61.2%)
GROW WITH OUR CUSTOMER-FOCUSED
STRATEGY
Business referrals
6.4 million
(17.9%)
Primary consumer account holders
Merrill net new households
22 thousand
(37.1%)
Global Banking—U.S. Fortune 1000
(% covered)
Active mobile users
30.8 million
5.5%
Consumer Banking satisfaction
79.1%
(0.9%)
Brand favorability
67.5%
2.5%
GROW WITHIN OUR RISK
FRAMEWORK
Net charge-off ratio
0.42%
4 bps
Net charge-offs
$4.1
13.0%
Risk-weighted
assets (1)
$1,480
(0.9%)
G-SIB surcharge capital buffer (2)
2.5%
Average market risk VaR for trading (3)
$106 million
GROW IN A SUSTAINABLE
MANNER
Noninterest expense
$55.2
0.6%
Efficiency ratio
64.55%
438 bps
Tech initiative spending
$3.5
2.9%
Low carbon investing
Investments in Community Development Financial Institutions
$1.8
Philanthropic investments
$350 million
Employee Engagement Score
Employee turnover
(4%)
= not meaningful
Risk-weighted assets are presented for the approach that yields the lower Common equity tier 1 ratio, which was the
Standardized approach at December 31, 2020 and 2019.
“G-SIBs” are global systemically important banks designated by t