climate risk; the Board’s oversight of our company’s long-standing commitment to promote equality, diversity and inclusion and advance economic opportunity; and our company’s continued support for our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve in a year of considerable economic challenge.
On behalf of the Board, thank you for choosing to invest in Bank of America.
LIONEL L. NOWELL III
Lead Independent Director
Table of Contents
Notice of 2023 annual meeting of shareholders
Date and time:
April 25, 2023
10:00 a.m., Eastern time
Live audio webcast:
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BAC2023
Matters to be voted on:
Electing the 14 directors named in the proxy statement
A proposal approving our executive compensation (an advisory, non-binding “Say on Pay” resolution)
A proposal on the frequency of future “Say on Pay” resolutions (an advisory, non-binding “Say on Frequency” resolution)
A proposal ratifying the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm for 2023
A proposal to amend and restate the Bank of America Corporation Equity Plan
Shareholder proposals, if they are properly presented at our annual meeting
Any other business that may properly come before our annual meeting
Your vote is very important
Please submit your proxy as soon as possible by internet, telephone, or mail. Submitting your proxy by one of these methods will ensure your representation at the annual meeting, regardless of whether you attend the meeting.
Your vote is important—we want to hear from you and all of our other shareholders. On behalf of every shareholder account that votes, Bank of America will make a $1 charitable donation in equal parts to One Mind, the National Alliance on Mental Illness, and Mental Health UK.
Please refer to page 113 of this proxy statement for additional information on how to vote your shares and attend our annual meeting virtually.
Record date
Bank of America shareholders as of the close of business on March 1, 2023 will be entitled to vote at our annual meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting.
We will hold our annual meeting this year solely by means of remote communication via audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BAC2023 . You will be able to participate in the virtual annual meeting online, vote your shares electronically, and submit questions during the meeting. You will not be able to attend the annual meeting in person.
By order of the Board of Directors,
ROSS E. JEFFRIES, JR.
Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
March 7, 2023
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 25, 2023:
Our 2023 Proxy Statement and 2022 Annual Report to shareholders are available at https://investor.bankofamerica.com/events-and-presentations/annual-shareholder-meeting.
Table of Contents
Table of contents
Proxy statement summary
Your vote is important
Attending the annual meeting
Strategic objectives
Responsible Growth
Governance objectives
Our shareholders inform and guide achievement of governance objectives
Compensation highlights
Responsible Growth: Grow in a Sustainable Manner