Human Capital Committee, in dialogue with shareholders. Together with management, we met with holders of approximately 47% of our institutionally held shares. We discussed the Board’s composition and our oversight of the company’s progress toward its commitment to net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 in its financing activities, operations, and supply chain. In response to the results of our 2023 “Say on Pay” vote, our dialogue also focused on Board and Committee oversight of Bank of America’s executive compensation practices and disclosures. I greatly appreciate the time taken by our investors to provide the Board with valuable insight on how they believe our company can improve, and I look forward to our continued dialogue.
On behalf of the Board, thank you for choosing to invest in Bank of America.
On behalf of our Board, we would like to share a tribute to our friend and colleague, Frank Bramble, a 17-year member of the Board who passed away last year. Frank was a deeply committed member of our Board. We are grateful to Frank for his years of service and contributions as Chair of the Board’s Corporate Governance, ESG, and Sustainability Committee, and prior to that, as Chair of our Board’s Enterprise Risk Committee. We have greatly benefited from his judgment and counsel.
BRIAN T. MOYNIHAN
Chair and Chief Executive Officer
LIONEL L. NOWELL III
Lead Independent Director
Table of Contents
Notice of 2024 annual meeting of shareholders
Date and time:
April 24, 2024 | 10:00 a.m., Eastern time
Live audio webcast:
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ BAC2024
Matters to be voted on:
• Electing the 13 directors named in the
proxy statement
• A proposal approving our executive
compensation (an advisory, non-binding
“Say on Pay” resolution)
• A proposal ratifying the appointment of
our independent registered public
accounting firm for 2024
• A proposal to amend and restate the Bank
of America Corporation Equity Plan
• Shareholder proposals, if they are properly
presented at our annual meeting
• Any other business that may properly come
before our annual meeting
Your vote is important
Please submit your proxy as soon as possible online, by telephone, or by mail. Submitting your proxy by one of these methods will ensure your representation at the annual meeting, regardless of whether you attend the meeting.
Your vote is important—we want to hear from you and all of our other shareholders. For every shareholder account that votes, Bank of America will make a $1 charitable donation in equal parts to five nonprofit organizations: Every Mother Counts, (RED), St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital, The Steve Fund, and World Central Kitchen, as part of our ongoing focus on health equity, including mental, maternal, and overall health access.
Please refer to page 110 of this proxy statement for additional information on how to vote your shares and attend our annual meeting virtually.
Record date
Bank of America shareholders as of the close of business on March 1, 2024 will be entitled to vote at our annual meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting.
We will hold our annual meeting this year solely by means of remote communication via audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BAC2024 . You will be able to participate in the virtual annual meeting online, vote your shares electronically, and submit questions during the meeting. You will not be able to attend the annual meeting in person.
By order of the Board of Directors,
ROSS E. JEFFRIES, JR.
Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
March 11, 2024
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 24, 2024: We commenced providing and making available our 2024 Proxy Statement on March 11, 2024. Our 2024 Proxy Statement and 2023 Annual Report to shareholders are available at https://investor.bankofamerica.com/events-and-presentations/annual-shareholder-meeting.
Table of Contents
Table of contents
Proxy statement summary
Your vote is important
Strategic objectives
Governance objectives
Compensation highlights
Responsible Growth: Grow in a Sustainable Manner