climate risk; the Board’s oversight of our company’s decades-long commitment to
advance racial equality and economic opportunity; and how our company continues to support our employees, our clients, and the communities we serve during the health crisis.
So that all shareholders have the opportunity to hear directly from our Board members, we continue to make available video interviews of each director discussing our
company’s governance practices and what Responsible Growth means to us on our annual meeting website at https://investor.bankofamerica.com/events-and-presentations/annual-shareholder-meeting.
Our Board remains committed to building long-term value in the company through our continued focus on Responsible Growth. On behalf of the directors, I join Brian and
the management team in thanking you for choosing to invest in Bank of America.
LIONEL L. NOWELL III
Lead Independent Director
Table of Contents
Notice of 2022 annual meeting of shareholders
Date and time:
April 26, 2022
10:00 a.m., Eastern time
Live audio webcast:
www.virtualshareholder
meeting.com/BAC2022
Matters to be voted on:
Electing the 14 directors named in the proxy statement
A proposal approving our executive compensation (an advisory, non-binding “Say on Pay” resolution)
A proposal ratifying the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm for 2022
A proposal ratifying the Delaware Exclusive Forum Provision in our Bylaws
Shareholder proposals, if they are properly presented at our annual meeting
Any other business that may properly come before our annual meeting
Your vote is very important
Please submit your proxy as soon as possible by internet, telephone, or mail. Submitting your proxy by one of these methods will ensure your representation at the annual
meeting, regardless of whether you attend the meeting.
Your vote is important—we want to hear from you and all of our other shareholders. On behalf of every
shareholder account that votes, Bank of America will make a $1 charitable donation in equal parts to Feeding America and World Food Program USA.
Please refer to
page 100 of this proxy statement for additional information on how to vote your shares and attend our annual meeting virtually.
Record date
Bank of America shareholders, as of
the close of business on March 1, 2022, will be entitled to vote at our annual meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the meeting.
In support of the health, safety, and
convenience of our shareholders and employees, we will hold our annual meeting this year solely by means of remote communication via audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BAC2022 . You will be able to participate in the virtual
annual meeting online, vote your shares electronically, and submit questions during the meeting. Shareholders of record may also view the list of registered holders entitled to vote at our annual meeting. You will not be able to attend the annual
meeting in person.
By order of the Board of Directors,
ROSS E. JEFFRIES, JR.
Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
March 7, 2022
IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING THE AVAILABILITY OF PROXY MATERIALS FOR THE ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS TO BE HELD ON APRIL 26, 2022:
Our 2022 Proxy Statement and 2021 Annual Report to shareholders are available at
https://investor.bankofamerica.com/events-and-presentations/annual-shareholder-meeting.
Table of Contents
Table of contents
Proxy statement summary
Your vote is important
Attending the annual meeting
Strategic objectives
Governance objectives
Our shareholders inform and guide achievement of governance objectives
Compensation highlights
Responsible Growth and our ESG leadership