human capital management; and my role as Lead Independent Director.
that all shareholders have the opportunity to hear directly from our Board members, video interviews of each director discussing our company’s governance practices and what Responsible Growth means to us are available on our annual meeting
website at https://about.bankofamerica.com/annualmeeting.
I encourage you to read our
2020 Proxy Statement, our 2019 Annual Report, and the other proxy materials. I also encourage you to read our inaugural Human Capital Management Report published at the end of 2019, also available on our annual meeting website.
Our Board remains committed to building long-term value in the company and returning excess
capital to our shareholders. On behalf of the directors, I join Brian and the management team in thanking you for choosing to invest in Bank of America.
Sincerely,
Jack O. Bovender, Jr.
Lead Independent Director
Table of Contents
NOTICE OF 2020 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
Date and Time
Place
Webcast
April 22, 2020
10:00 a.m., Eastern time
Hilton Charlotte Center City
222 East Third Street
Charlotte, North Carolina 28202
As in prior years, a live audio webcast of our annual meeting will be available.
That and other important information, including any updates about our annual meeting, are available at our annual meeting website ( https://about.bankofamerica.com/annualmeeting )
Matters to be Voted on:
Electing the 17 directors named in the proxy statement
A proposal approving our executive compensation (an advisory, non-binding “Say
on Pay” resolution)
A proposal ratifying the appointment of our independent registered public accounting firm for 2020
Shareholder proposals, if they are properly presented at our annual meeting
Any other
business that may properly come before our annual meeting
Record date:
Bank of America shareholders as of the close of business on March 2, 2020 will be entitled to vote at our annual meeting and any adjournments or postponements of the
meeting.
Your vote is very important:
Please submit your proxy as soon as possible by the Internet, telephone, or mail. Submitting your proxy by one of these methods will ensure your representation at the
annual meeting regardless of whether you attend the meeting.
To express our appreciation for your participation, Bank of America will make a $1 charitable donation
to Water.org on behalf of every shareholder account that votes.
Please refer to page 85 of this proxy statement for additional information on how to vote your shares
and attend our annual meeting.
We intend to hold our annual meeting in person. However, we are actively monitoring the coronavirus (COVID-19); we are
sensitive to the public health and travel concerns our shareholders may have and the protocols that federal, state, and local governments may impose. In the event it is not possible or advisable to hold our annual meeting in person, we will announce
alternative arrangements for the meeting as promptly as practicable, which may include holding the meeting solely by means of remote communication. Please monitor our annual meeting website at https://about.bankofamerica.com/annualmeeting for
updated information. If you are planning to attend our meeting, please check the website one week prior to the meeting date. As always, we encourage you to vote your shares prior to the annual meeting.
By order of the Board of Directors,
Ross E. Jeffries, Jr.
Deputy General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary
March 9, 2020
Important
notice regarding the availability of proxy materials for the annual meeting of shareholders to be held on April 22, 2020:
Our 2020 Proxy Statement
and 2019 Annual Report to shareholders are available at https://about.bankofamerica.com/annualmeeting .
Table of Contents
Proxy statement summary
PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
How to
vote your shares
You may vote if you were a shareholder as of the close of business on March 2, 2020.
Online
www.proxyvote.com
By Mail
Complete, sign, date, and return your proxy card in the envelope provided
By Phone
Call the phone
number located on the top of
your proxy card
In Person
Attend our annual
meeting and vote by ballot
Your vote is important
Your vote will change
lives with safe water. Bank of America will make a $1 charitable donation to Water.org on behalf of every shareholder account that votes.
Water.org is a global non-profit organization that helps those in need get access to safe water and sanitation through affordable financing, such as
small loans. Today, 785 million people lack access to safe water and 2 billion people lack access to a toilet. Water is the best investment the world can make to reduce disease, increase family income, keep girls in school, and give families a
brighter future.
Bank of America is proud to be a close philanthropic partner of Water.org. Since 2011, Bank of America has partnered with Water.org by
making $4.25 million in philanthropic investments to help more than 400,000 people across India and Brazil gain access to improved water and sanitation, and $5 million in a zero-interest loan to its sister organization, WaterEquity, to further
accelerate financing for water and sanitation.
By voting, you can join our efforts and share in
successes like these—individuals and institutions harnessing the power of capital markets to do good—to empower people with safe water and the hope, health, and opportunity that flow from it.
Proposals for your vote
Board voting recommendation
Page
1. Electing Directors
FOR each nominee
2. Approving Our Executive Compensation
(an Advisory,
Non-binding “Say on Pay” Resolution)
3. Ratifying the Appointment of Our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2020
4-7. Shareholder Proposals
AGAINST
If you are a beneficial (or street name) holder and you would like to vote in person at the meeting, you must also present a written legal
proxy from the broker, bank, or other nominee. See “Voting and other information” on page 85 for more information on voting your shares.
To review our
2020 Proxy Statement, 2019 Annual Report, and other information relating to our 2020 annual meeting online, go to https://about.bankofamerica.com/annualmeeting .
Annual meeting admission
Annual meeting admission is limited to our registered
holders and beneficial owners as of the record date and persons holding valid proxies from these shareholders. Admission to our annual meeting requires proof of your stock ownership as of the record date and valid, government-issued photo
identification. Security measures may include bag, metal detector, and hand-wand searches. The use of cameras, recording devices, phones, and other electronic devices is strictly prohibited. See “Voting and other information—Attending our
annual meeting” on page 87. If you are planning to attend our annual meeting, please check our annual meeting website at https://about.bankofamerica.com/annualmeeting for updated information one week prior to the
meeting date.
2020 PROXY
STATEMENT i
Table of Contents
Proxy statement summary
Strategic objectives
What would you like the power to
At Bank of America, we ask this question
every day of all those we serve. It is at the core of how we live our values, deliver our purpose and achieve Responsible Growth.
Our values
• Deliver together
• Act responsibly
• Realize the power of
our people
• Trust the team
Our purpose
To help make financial lives
better, through the power of
every connection
Responsible growth
• We must grow and win
in the market
– no excuses
• We must grow with our customer-focused strategy
• We must grow within
our risk framework
• We must grow in a sustainable
manner
Eight lines of business—how we serve the core financial needs of people, companies, and institutions
2019 Company Performance — Responsible Growth
($ in billions, unless otherwise indicated)
GROW AND WIN IN THE MARKET — NO EXCUSES
2019
CHANGE FROM 2018
Net income
$27.4
(2.5%)
Revenue
$91.2
0.2%
Average loans in business segments
$915
5.0%
Average