Sustainability
Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management
EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION
Letter from the Compensation Committee to our Stockholders
Compensation
Discussion and Analysis
Executive
Summary
Philosophy
and Objectives
We Measure Performance
2022
Named Executive Officer Compensation Program
We Make Compensation Decisions
Stockholder
Dilution
Other
Components of Executive Compensation
Compensation
Governance Matters
Compensation
Committee Report
Summary
Compensation Table
Grants
of Plan-Based Awards Table
Outstanding
Equity Awards at 2022 Fiscal Year-End Table
Option
Exercises and Stock Vested Table
Employment
Contracts, Termination of Employment and Change in Control Arrangements
Potential
Payments Upon a Change in Control and/or Termination
2022
CEO Pay Ratio
Versus Performance
Equity
Compensation Plan Information
Non-Employee
Director Compensation and Benefits
Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Compensation
Risk Assessment
Advisory
Vote to Approve 2022 Executive Compensation
AUDIT
MATTERS
Report
of the Audit Committee
Auditor
Independence
Ratification
of Selection of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
MANAGEMENT/STOCKHOLDER
PROPOSALS
Advisory
Vote on the Frequency of Future Advisory Votes on Executive Compensation
Stockholder
Proposal — Shareholder Ratification of Termination Pay
2024
Stockholder Proposals
OTHER
MATTERS
Other
Matters
Annual
Meeting Information
APPENDICES
Unaudited
Reconciliation of GAAP to Non-GAAP Financial Information
Form
of Proxy Card
Back to Contents
APRIL 24,
2023
Dear Stockholders,
The year 2022 began with much of the world experiencing a dramatic resurgence in COVID and a fear that vaccine protection had declined to a level so low that we might be re-entering lock-downs in some countries. Fortunately, by the end of the year we witnessed tremendous steps forward in pandemic recovery and a resurgence in travel as countries reopened their borders, leading to countless moments of reunion and celebration. Yet, that triumph weighed against unimaginable horror with war in Europe. We responded by suspending our operations in Russia and creating a platform to enable more than 70,000 Ukrainian refugees to find shelter through the generosity of our accommodation partners — hotels and homes and apartments – who provided free or greatly reduced temporary housing. Amidst all of this, we were reminded of travel’s capacity to positively impact lives and shape our futures. The tremendous benefits travel can bring - to economies, to societies, to how we work and connect - continues to fuel our mission to make it easier for everyone to experience the world.
The resurgence in travel demand is evidenced by our all-time records in 2022 of nearly 900 million room nights booked and revenue of over $17 billion. These achievements demonstrate again the resiliency of travel, and while uncertainty regarding the global economy has increased significantly, we remain confident that in the long term travel will grow faster than GDP. Last year, we stated that our long-term ambition as a business was to grow faster and have higher revenue and profits than before the pandemic, and I’m pleased to state that we have made meaningful progress towards that goal.
Innovation Designed for Impact
Continued innovation allows us to build products and services and meet the ever-evolving needs of our customers and partners. We continue to leverage the power of technology alongside our unwavering customer focus to deliver value to both sides of the travel ecosystem and drive results.
In a mobile-first world, creating best-in-class mobile technology remains a top priority. The Booking.com app was the most downloaded online travel app in 2022 for the second year in a row. This effort is yielding results, with about 45% of all room nights booked last year through our apps, as we continued to improve the experience by making our apps easier to use and improving their user interfaces to ensure our customers could quickly and intuitively access our products and services.
We also brought our Travel Sustainable program, pioneered by Booking.com, to accommodations enterprise-wide through the combined efforts of the Agoda, Booking.com, KAYAK, and Priceline product teams to power the program’s expansion through a cross-enterprise API, making sure we are one of the leaders in the area.
While transformative technologies - such as generative artificial intelligence (“AI”) - hit mainstream consciousness in 2022, our teams have worked with various types of AI for over a decade to improve our products and services, and we continue to learn and explore new opportunities to make travel more seamless. We will continue to work with all of the major large language model players to explore ways to incorporate these technologies as we see potential value for our customers. Additionally, our Booking AI Research Lab enables us to quickly react, adapt, and learn how our customers can benefit from new developments in this field and apply these fast-growing technologies in an inclusive, responsible, and ethical way.
Delivering on Business Priorities
The application of cutting edge technology by highly specialized and skilled talent is key to solving for the enduring complexity inherent in our industry, and has kept us moving forward at pace throughout 2022 on our path to creating a truly connected travel experience. The strides we have made to deliver smoother, richer experiences and increase value for travelers and partners alike center on expanding our payments platform, enhancing newer verticals and strengthening our position in the U.S., while continuing to grow our core business of accommodations.
In the fourth quarter of 2022 alone, we processed 42% of Booking.com’s gross bookings on our own payments platform. Not only are we now increasingly able to offer payment solutions that work for customers across the globe, increasing our payments functionality allows us to bring additional traveler demand to our partners who may not be able to process alternative payment methods, along with helping them reduce cancellations and lower operational workloads.
BOOKING HOLDINGS INC. | 2023 PROXY STATEMENT 4
Back to Contents
During the last year we also continued to ramp up our flight offering on Booking.com, which is now available in over 50 countries and provides a great product to customers.
As the travel recovery accelerated, we believe we gained market share in our accommodations business from pre-pandemic levels in the U.S., as 2022 versus 2019 growth outpaced the broader U.S. recovery. Together, our Priceline and Booking.com brands grew U.S. room night growth by almost 30% comparing 2022 versus 2019. These gains are a result of strong day-to-day execution and continued investments in marketing in a very competitive market.
Additionally, our alternative accommodation global room nights grew 11% versus 2019, which shows good progress in this important area.
Travel As a Force For Good
While travel contributes meaningfully to the global economy, we also believe travel can have important impacts on society. We recognize our responsibility as an industry leader and endeavor to contribute to many aspects across the travel ecosystem in our business practices because we know that shared-value creation for all stakeholders will ultimately produce the best results for us and the travel industry.
In line with this, we continue to recognize that sustainability is an important part of our overall business strategy. We believe that the development of our Travel Sustainable program and the expansion of it across our brands in 2022 was an important signal of the potential for technology and cross-brand collaboration to drive greater sustainable impact across the travel industry by educating and empowering both partners and travelers. In addition to the expansion of this program, we made meaningful progress on the commitments outlined in our Climate Action Pla