Corporate Social Responsibility efforts including initiatives to promote sustainable tourism, improve global business and tech industry diversity, reduce environmental footprints and improve workplaces for our employees across our more than 300 office locations around the world. Some highlights include:
More than 30,900 hours amassed by thousands of employees volunteering to help improve local destinations worldwide;
Our second annual Booking Booster program, which dispersed grants totaling €2 million to start-ups dedicated to sustainable tourism;
2,730,000 meals for food insecure families generated through OpenTable’s Giving Tuesday campaign; and
€500,000 in university scholarships to women looking to further their education and advancement in the technology sector.
I am incredibly proud of what we achieved in 2018, and excited for 2019 and beyond. It certainly will not be without its challenges. Political instability, trade wars, government shutdowns and more all contribute to varying degrees of macroeconomic uncertainty. However, we will remain diligently focused on investing for the long-term. This means continued investment in: technologies that power every facet of our operations, marketing initiatives that will increase loyalty and maintain growth, global payment systems that will remove friction throughout the connected trip, efforts to grow our supply and customer acquisition in the alternative accommodations space, and, most importantly, our people. Technology is nothing without people behind it, and strategy is nothing without people implementing it, so our almost 25,000 talented employees remain our most important investment.
Today, we are operating in a society that is more connected than it has ever been, but it is also increasingly polarized and divided. Whether within individual countries or between countries, we see increased divisions. I truly believe that making travel more accessible and more frictionless will empower people to venture to places they have never gone before and provide people with a more positive perspective on other people, cultures and places. As we move forward, I want Booking Holdings to be the leader in helping people explore and experience the world and craft their own narratives about all the good that exists.
As always, I want to thank our customers and partners for their strong support. I also want to thank our Board of Directors for their steadfast leadership and guidance. And, finally, I want to thank our global team of employees who embody our mission every day; it is their work that will drive the future of this company.
Sincerely,
Glenn D. Fogel
President and Chief Executive Officer
April 2019
Dear Stockholder:
You are cordially invited to attend the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of Booking Holdings Inc. to be held at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time on Thursday, June 6, 2019 at Nasdaq, 4 Times Square, 151 West 43 r d Street, 10 th floor, New York, New York 10036.
This booklet includes the Notice of Annual Meeting and proxy statement. The proxy statement provides information about Booking Holdings in addition to describing the business we will conduct at the meeting.
We hope you will be able to attend the Annual Meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, please mark, sign, date and return your proxy card in the enclosed envelope as soon as possible or vote by calling the toll-free telephone number or by using the internet as described in the instructions included in your proxy card. Your stock will be voted in accordance with the instructions you have given in your proxy card. You may attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person, even if you have previously returned your proxy card or voted by telephone or by internet, by following the instructions included in the proxy statement. All stockholders who attend the meeting will be required to present valid picture identification, such as a driver’s license or a passport . We hope you are able to join us on June 6.
Sincerely,
Jeffery H. Boyd
Chairman of the Board
April 23, 2019
IMPORTANT
A proxy card is enclosed. We urge you to complete and mail the card promptly in the enclosed envelope, which requires no postage if mailed in the United States. Alternatively, you may vote by calling the toll-free telephone number or by using the internet as described in the instructions included with your proxy card. Any stockholder attending the Annual Meeting may personally vote on all matters that are considered, in which case the signed and mailed proxy or prior vote by telephone or internet will be revoked. Please note, however, that if your shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the meeting, you must obtain from the record holder a proxy issued in your name.
IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU VOTE YOUR STOCK
Booking Holdings Inc.
800 Connecticut Avenue
Norwalk, Connecticut 06854
Notice
of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Thursday, June 6, 2019
11:00 a.m. Eastern Time
To the stockholders of Booking Holdings Inc. (the “Company”):
The Company hereby notifies you that its 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) will be held on Thursday, June 6, 2019 at 11:00 a.m. Eastern Time at Nasdaq, 4 Times Square, 151 West 43 r d Street, 10 th floor, New York, New York 10036 for the following purposes:
To elect thirteen directors to hold office until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their respective successors are elected and qualified;
To ratify the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the independent registered public accounting firm of the Company for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019;
To approve on an advisory basis the 2018 compensation paid by the Company to its named executive officers;
To consider and vote upon a non-binding stockholder proposal requesting that the Company amend its proxy access bylaw provisions; and
To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting or any adjournment or postponement of the meeting.
These business items are more fully described in the proxy statement accompanying this notice.
The Board of Directors fixed the close of business on April 11, 2019 as the record date for identifying those stockholders entitled to notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting and at any adjournment or postponement of the Annual Meeting.
April 23, 2019
By Order of the Board of Directors
Stephen Sonne
Corporate Secretary
Norwalk, Connecticut
All stockholders are cordially invited to attend the meeting in person. Whether or not you expect to attend the meeting, please complete, date, sign and return the enclosed proxy as promptly as possible to ensure your representation at the meeting. A return envelope (which is postage prepaid if mailed in the United States) is enclosed for that purpose. Alternatively, you may vote by calling the toll-free telephone number or by using the internet as described in the instructions included with your proxy card. Even if you have given your proxy, you may still vote in person if you attend the meeting. Please note, however, that if your shares are held of record by a broker, bank or other nominee and you wish to vote at the meeting, you must obtain from the record holder a proxy issued in your name.
Company
Highlights and Proxy Statement Summary
To assist you in reviewing our 2018 performance, we would like to call your attention to the following information, including key elements of our proxy statement and Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following description is only a summary. Before voting and for more complete information about these topics, please review our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 and the complete proxy statement.
Company
Highlights - Performance
2018 was another good year for Booking Holdings Inc. (the “Company,” “Booking Holdings,” “we,” “our” or “us”). We continue to operate the largest, most profitable global online travel business in the wor