sustainability across our platform.
Table of Contents
“ The
hardships
experienced by people
globally in 2020, and
the inequities further
exacerbated by the
pandemic, have only
strengthened
BlackRock’s sense of
responsibility to help
millions of people invest
to build savings; make
investing easier and
more affordable;
advance sustainable
investing; and
contribute to a more
resilient economy.”
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
BlackRock, Inc.
55 East 52nd Street
New York, New York, 10055
April 16, 2021
To Our Shareholders:
Just as BlackRock is a fiduciary to our clients, helping them invest for the future, I recognize many of you are investing in BlackRock to achieve your own long-term
goals and I want to thank you for your continued support and confidence in our company. More than 13 months after COVID-19 became a global health crisis, we are still confronting its impacts daily. On behalf of BlackRock and our Board of Directors,
we hope that you and your loved ones are staying healthy and safe.
In consideration of continued health concerns relating to
COVID-19, we are once again holding BlackRock’s Annual Meeting of Shareholders virtually. We welcome you to join us on May 26, 2021 at 8:00 a.m. EDT at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BLK2021. You
may vote your shares via the Internet and submit your questions during the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BLK2021. As we do each year, we will address the voting items in this year’s Proxy Statement and take your
questions. Regardless of whether you plan to join the meeting, your vote is important, and we encourage you to review the enclosed materials and submit your proxy.
Over the past year, the COVID-19 pandemic has enveloped the entire globe and changed it permanently. It has both exacted a
horrific human toll and transformed the way we live – the way we work, learn, access medicine, and much more. While we face great challenges ahead on the path to recovery, I am a long-term optimist and am encouraged by the positive societal
changes that are emerging from this pandemic. As I wrote in January, we are seeing an acceleration in the tectonic shift towards sustainability and people, companies and governments working together to confront the global threat of climate change.
In one of the great triumphs of modern science, multiple vaccines were developed in record time. And importantly, the pandemic has amplified the need for companies to operate with a clear sense of purpose and serve all of their stakeholders –
customers, employees and communities – in order to deliver long-term, durable returns for their shareholders.
I am incredibly proud of BlackRock’s
unwavering commitment to living our purpose and maintaining a clear long-term vision throughout these challenging times. The hardships experienced by people globally in 2020, and the inequities further exacerbated by the pandemic, have only
strengthened BlackRock’s sense of responsibility to help millions of people invest to build savings; make investing easier and more affordable; advance sustainable investing; and contribute to a more resilient economy.
Our strong 2020 performance is a testament to the trust our clients place in us to help them navigate uncertain markets and our ability to meet their needs. Our diverse
global investment platform – with active and index strategies across all asset classes, integrated technology, data and risk management, and global scale and connectivity enables us to deliver strong and consistent investment performance and
more stable outcomes for clients. Our differentiated approach is resonating with clients and, as a result, they entrusted BlackRock with $391 billion of net new assets in 2020. We saw incredible momentum across our entire business during the
year: we generated record net inflows into active equity, sustainable, cash and alternative strategies and had more than $1 billion of net inflows in each of 19 countries and 104 different products, reflecting the strength and depth of our
diversified platform. Our technology services business eclipsed $1 billion in annual revenue for the first time, as the pandemic has accelerated the need for robust operating and risk management technology. And we executed on our shareholder
value framework by delivering revenue, operating income and earnings growth. After investing back in our business to serve all our stakeholders, we returned approximately $3.8 billion of cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends
and share repurchases.
The strength and consistency of BlackRock’s results, regardless of the market environment, are directly linked to our diverse and engaged
Board, and strong corporate governance and sustainability frameworks. BlackRock’s Board plays an integral role in our governance, strategy, growth and success. It has always been important that our Board functions as a key strategic governing
body that both challenges and advises our leadership team and guides BlackRock into the future. It is also critical that we have a robust corporate governance framework to ensure we are executing on our strategy, fulfilling our fiduciary
responsibilities to clients and serving all of our stakeholders over the long-term.
BlackRock is committed to living our purpose of helping more and more people
experience financial well-being. It is critical that we continue aggressively investing in our business to serve clients, inspire our employees and support our communities, so we can continue delivering durable profits for you, our shareholders, and
make a positive impact on society. Now, more than ever, compassion and forward-thinking will be essential to our future.
Thank you again for your continued
commitment to BlackRock and I hope to see you in person next year.
Sincerely,
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer
Table of Contents
Notice of 2021
Annual Meeting of
Shareholders
Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Date & Time
Location
Record Date
Wednesday, May 26, 2021
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/
Monday, March 29, 2021
8:00 a.m. EDT
BLK2021
Voting Matters
At or before the 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (“Annual Meeting”), we ask that you vote on the following items:
Proposal
Board
Recommendation
Page
Reference
Item 1 Election of Directors
Vote FOR each
director nominee
Item 2 Approval, in a Non-Binding Advisory Vote, of the Compensation for Named Executive Officers
Vote FOR
Item 3