Climate Change-Related Proposals
Vote AGAINST
BLACKROCK, INC. 2024 PROXY STATEMENT
Table of Contents
Your vote is important — How to vote:
Internet
Visit the website listed on your proxy card. You will need the control number that appears on your proxy card when you access the web page.
Mail
Complete and sign the proxy card and return it in the enclosed postage pre-paid envelope.
Telephone
If your shares are held in the name of a broker, bank or other nominee: follow the telephone voting instructions, if any, provided on your voting instruction card.
If your shares are registered in your name: call 1-800-690-6903 and follow the telephone voting instructions. You will need the control number that appears on your proxy card.
During the Meeting
This year’s meeting will be virtual. For details on voting your shares during the Annual Meeting, see “ Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting .”
Please note that we are furnishing proxy materials and access to our Proxy Statement to our shareholders via our website instead of mailing printed copies. This helps us save costs and reduce our impact on the environment.
Beginning on April 4, 2024, we will mail or otherwise make available to each of our shareholders a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, which contains instructions on how to access our proxy materials and vote online. If you attend the Annual Meeting virtually, you may withdraw your proxy and vote online during the Annual Meeting if you so choose.
Your vote is important, and we encourage you to vote promptly, whether or not you plan to attend the Annual Meeting.
By Order of the Board of Directors,
R. Andrew Dickson III
BlackRock, Inc.
Corporate Secretary
April 4, 2024
50 Hudson Yards
New York, New York 10001
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting to be held on Wednesday, May 15, 2024: our Proxy Statement and 2023 Annual Report are available free of charge on our website at https://ir.blackrock.com/.
BLACKROCK, INC. 2024 PROXY STATEMENT
Table of Contents
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
Table of Contents
Contents
Proxy Summary
Governance Highlights