sustainability of BlackRock for all of our stakeholders.
Table of Contents
“In this environment, our investments in business continuity planning, agile use of technology and strong
culture truly differentiate BlackRock, and we remain committed to growing and investing in the business. Throughout the firm’s history, it has been times like these when BlackRock has most distinguished itself with both clients and
shareholders.”
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer
BlackRock, Inc.
55 East 52nd Street
New York, New York, 10055
April 9, 2020
To Our Shareholders:
Thank you for your confidence in BlackRock, especially through these unprecedented times. First and foremost, on behalf of BlackRock and our Board of Directors, we hope
that you and your loved ones are healthy and safe during this tragic pandemic. In consideration of health concerns relating to COVID-19, we are holding BlackRock’s 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders virtually. We welcome you to join on May 21,
2020 at 8:00 a.m. EDT at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BLK2020. You may vote your shares via the Internet and submit your questions during the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BLK2020. As we do each year, we will address the
voting items in this year’s Proxy Statement and take your questions. Regardless of whether you plan to join the meeting, your vote is important, and we encourage you to review the enclosed materials and submit your proxy.
In my role as Chairman and CEO of BlackRock, I am focused on how our clients, employees and shareholders are impacted by what is happening in the world. We are clearly
facing unprecedented territory with COVID-19, and during this time, our people and our clients’ well-being is our greatest concern. BlackRock’s biggest responsibility – now more than ever –
is to help our clients navigate this market environment and stay focused on long-term returns.
Despite the severe market downdraft, the strong and resilient business
foundation that BlackRock has built remains solid. Indeed, we believe we are better positioned than any firm to weather shocks like these and help our clients do the same. In this environment, our investments in business continuity planning, agile
use of technology and strong culture truly differentiate BlackRock, and we remain committed to growing and investing in the business. Throughout the firm’s history, it has been times like these when BlackRock has most distinguished itself with
both clients and shareholders.
Our 2019 results better position BlackRock to deliver for clients during this volatile period. In 2019, our focus on serving our
clients’ long-term needs generated a record $429 billion of net inflows. For the fifth time in the last seven years, we achieved our aspirational organic growth target, with 7% organic asset growth and 5% organic base fee growth in 2019. We led
the industry in high growth areas, including fixed income ETFs, factor-based investing and sustainable investing, and generated record flows and commitments in our illiquid alternatives business. Continued momentum in our Aladdin business
drove record technology services revenue growth, as we neared $1 billion in annual revenue. We executed on our shareholder value framework by delivering revenue and earnings growth, despite a challenging start to the year as a result of
significant market volatility in the fourth quarter of 2018. After investing for future opportunities, we returned approximately $3.8 billion of cash to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases.
The strength of BlackRock’s results, our resilience and our strategy are directly linked to our diverse and engaged Board, and strong corporate governance and
sustainability frameworks. BlackRock’s Board plays an integral role in our governance, strategy, growth and success. It has always been important that our Board functions as a key strategic governing body that constantly challenges our
leadership team to evolve and guide BlackRock into the future. It is also critical that we have a robust corporate governance framework to ensure we are executing on our strategy, fulfilling our fiduciary responsibilities to clients and serving all
of our stakeholders over the long-term.
As I have articulated in the past, a company’s prospects for growth are inextricably linked to its ability to operate
sustainably and serve its full range of stakeholders. As an asset management firm that invests in other companies on our clients’ behalf, we understand the need for the oversight, management and disclosure of corporate sustainability
initiatives and progress. This includes providing you, our shareholders, with increased transparency regarding how we are managing sustainability-related questions and engaging with you to better understand and address issues that are important to
you. This year, we have included additional information in our Proxy Statement related to BlackRock’s approach to sustainability and the role of our Board.
As I
wrote in my Chairman’s Letter to Shareholders this year, I have always believed in a long-term view. I have advocated for it in letter after letter. And I believe long-term thinking has never been more critical than it is today. Companies and
investors with a strong sense of purpose and a long-term approach will be better able to navigate this crisis and its aftermath. At BlackRock, we take a long-term view of markets, and we take a long-term view in the way we run our company. The world
will get through this crisis. The economy will recover. And for those investors who keep their eyes not on the shaky ground at our feet, but on the horizon ahead, there are tremendous opportunities to be had in today’s markets.
BlackRock’s commitment is to continue to generate sustainable long-term value for all of our stakeholders, including you, our dedicated shareholders.
Thank you again for your continued commitment to BlackRock and please stay safe.
Sincerely,
Laurence D. Fink
Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer
Table of Contents
Notice of 2020 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders
Annual Meeting of
Shareholders
Date and Time
Thursday, May 21, 2020
8:00 a.m. EDT
Location
Virtual Meeting:
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/BLK2020
Record Date
Monday, March 23, 2020
Voting Matters
At or before the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (“Annual Meeting”), we ask that you vote on the following items:
Item 1 Election of Directors
Item 2 Approval, in a
Non-Binding Advisory Vote, of the Compensation for Named Executive Officers
Item 3