climate change, disclosed in accordance with the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) recommendations,
The board’s oversight of climate related risks and opportunities, and
The feasibility of establishing company-wide science-based, greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction targets.
The Assessment may be a stand-alone report or incorporated into existing reporting, be prepared at a reasonable cost, and omit
proprietary information.
Supporting Statement
Climate change and the transition to a low-carbon economy pose critical risks to investors. All companies should
appraise and disclose physical and transitional climate risks. The Company’s current disclosures are insufficient for investors to fully appraise climate-related risks and opportunities.
EOS is acting pursuant to delegated authority on behalf of Brunel. EOS’ views and positions are those of
EOS, and do not necessarily represent the views or positions of all its clients or Federated Hermes, Inc. or its other subsidiaries.
At the 2021 annual meeting, where a significant majority of
non-insider shareholders supported a similar version of this resolution, the Company stated that climate disclosure at the parent Company level is unnecessary given the Company’s selective and partial
subsidiary climate disclosures. However, shareholders can purchase shares only in the combined parent-company entity, not in the individual subsidiaries that may or may not have climate risk exposure. A parent Company climate risk disclosure to
investors does not exist, is needed, and entails a modest degree of reporting centralization. Over 2,600 companies globally support the TCFD recommendations, with 98 of the Climate Action 100+ companies already reporting in line with this framework.
Over 1,000 corporations have joined the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) to set verifiable GHG reduction targets consistent with limiting global emissions to well-below 2°C. We welcome railroad subsidiary BNSF’s SBTi commitment.
Also, the Securities and Exchange Commission has said climate-related disclosures may yield information material to investors and companies navigating the low
carbon transition and may become mandatory in the near term.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY FAVORS A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSAL FOR THE
FOLLOWING REASONS:
The proponents’ assertion that at the 2021 Annual Meeting, a significant majority of non-insider shareholders supported a similar resolution is incorrect. In fact, a significant majority of such shareholders did not support the proposal.
The Board of Directors does not believe that an annual assessment with summaries of risks and opportunities at the parent Company level
disclosed in accordance with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures is necessary. As further discussed below, the Board believes the vast majority of Berkshire’s greenhouse gas emissions footprint and the
risks associated with and opportunities created by climate change are appropriately managed and reported publicly by individual businesses.
The Board believes that climate risk, enterprise risk and shareholder risk should be considered simultaneously and in context. In assessing the
individual and collective greenhouse gas emissions footprint of the Berkshire operating companies, it is also important to consider each company’s contributions to net income. Companies with a small greenhouse gas footprint and a small
contribution to net income are unlikely to present significant risk in the overall transition to a low-carbon economy. Berkshire Hathaway Energy (“BHE”) and BNSF are the two most carbon-intensive
Berkshire businesses, representing the vast majority of Berkshire’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions.
BHE is striving to
achieve net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 in a manner its customers can afford, its regulators will allow and technology advances support. As part of that journey, it expects to achieve a 50% reduction in its Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse
gas emissions by 2030 from 2005 levels. BHE has laid out a roadmap to achieve these emissions reductions in numerous publicly available reports, investor presentations and individual investor communications. BNSF has committed to setting greenhouse
gas emissions reduction targets as part of the Science Based Targets initiative in 2022. For BNSF, greenhouse gas emissions associated with its locomotive fuel are added to its Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions to develop its working
target, which reflects a 30% reduction by 2030 from 2018 levels. Certain other Berkshire companies have also evaluated climate-related risks and opportunities and have determined it is advantageous to publicly commit to reducing their emissions.
Because many of Berkshire’s subsidiaries are already making and reporting on their climate-related decisions, the Board recommends
that our shareholders vote against this proposal.
Proxies given without instruction will be voted AGAINST this shareholder proposal.
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL
Gail Follansbee on behalf of Myra K. Young, owner of shares of Berkshire Common Stock with a value in excess of $2,000, intends to present for
action at the meeting the following proposal.
Whereas: Insurance companies have a critical role to play in meeting the Paris Agreement’s 1.5
degrees Celsius (“1.5°C”) goal, requiring net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2050. Projections 1 have found that limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees versus 2 degrees will
save $20 trillion globally by 2100; while exceeding 2 degrees could lead to climate damages in the hundreds of trillions. 2 The U.S. insurance industry is under increasing pressure to address its
contributions to climate change from underwriting, insuring, and investing in high emitting activities. 3
These financial activities contribute to systemic portfolio risk to the global economy, investors, and insurers’ profitability. The U.S. Commodity Futures
Trading Commission recently acknowledged that climate change could impair the productive capacity of the national economy and recommended that state insurance regulators require insurers to assess how their underwriting activity and investment
portfolios may be impacted by climate-related risks.
https://www.nature.com/articles/d41586-018-05219-5
https://www.nature.com/articles/s41467-020-18797-8/
https://shareaction.org/reports/insuring-disaster-a-ranking
This growing public pressure for the insurance industry to account for its climate related risks is
exemplified by legislation recently passed in Connecticut 4 requiring regulators to incorporate emissions reduction targets into their supervision of insurers.
Shareholders are concerned that Berkshire Hathaway is not adequately reducing the climate footprint of its insurance operations — which make up over 26%
of its business and is its largest value segment. 5 This failure creates significant risk. Berkshire’s combined insurance units posted a $784 million
pre-tax underwriting loss 6 largely attributable to $1.7 billion in catastrophe claims, including claims from Hurricane Ida and flooding in Europe. This
follows a larger global trend: insured losses from natural disasters reached $42 billion in the first six months of 2021, a ten year high. 7
Berkshire is a climate laggard in the global insurance sector, scoring in the bottom in a survey of the 30 largest global insurers 8 , due largely to its lack of restrictions on fossil fuel underwriting and investments. In contrast, peers are beginning to address the GHG emissions associated with their underwriting and investment
activities. Thirteen global insurers have also joined the United Nations’ Net Zero Insurance Alliance in which they commit to transition their emissions from insurance and reinsurance underwriting portfolios to net zero by 2050.
Berkshire does not measure or disclose its financed emissions, including those attributable to underwriting and insuring, nor has it adopted targ