climate change and the energy transition, disclosed in accordance with the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD) recommendations.
The assessment may be a stand-alone report or incorporated into existing reporting, be prepared at a reasonable cost, and omit proprietary information.
Supporting Statement: Climate change and the transition to a low-carbon economy pose critical risks to investors. All companies should appraise and disclose physical and transitional climate risks. The Company’s current disclosures are insufficient for investors to fully appraise climate-related risks and opportunities.
It is important to recognize that shareholders can purchase shares only in the combined parent-company entity – not in the individual subsidiaries that may or may not have climate risk exposure. A parent Company climate risk disclosure to investors does not currently exist, is needed, and entails a modest degree of reporting centralization.
Unfortunately the Company continues to stand out as a laggard on climate-risk reporting relative to the broader market. Over 3,900 companies globally support the TCFD recommendations, with 132 of the Climate Action 100+ companies already reporting in line with this framework.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY FAVORS A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSAL FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS:
Berkshire’s Board recommends a “no” vote on this proposal. Berkshire does not believe that publishing an annual assessment addressing how the Company manages physical and transitional climate-related risks and opportunities at the parent company level is appropriate.
Several of Berkshire’s operating companies report their greenhouse gas emissions data and discuss climate-related risks and opportunities in their own reports that are linked on Berkshire’s website. Additionally, in Berkshire’s 2021 Annual Report, Greg Abel, Vice Chairman-Non Insurance Operations, provided shareholders with incremental detail on the greenhouse gas emissions of BNSF and Berkshire Hathaway Energy, which collectively represent more than 90% of Berkshire’s direct emissions. This detail included 2021 annual emissions data in comparison to respective base years and 2030 targets, as well as a discussion of the efforts being undertaken by the businesses to further reduce their greenhouse gas emissions. The managers of Berkshire’s subsidiaries will continue to own all business decisions, including their approach to sustainability and related environmental outcomes, as they are best positioned to deliver on ever-changing customer expectations regarding sustainability, while also driving value for Berkshire’s shareholders.
The Berkshire Board’s governance and oversight of risks includes the oversight of climate-related risks. The Board believes the information provided in the 2021 Annual Report, representing more than 90% of Berkshire’s direct emissions, was the appropriate step to undertake as the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission considers rules on the enhancement and standardization of climate-related disclosures to avoid unnecessary, duplicative or potentially inconsistent reporting. The Board recommends that our shareholders vote against this proposal.
Proxies given without instruction will be voted AGAINST this shareholder proposal.
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL
The Office of the Treasurer for the State of Illinois as Trustee of the Bright Start College Savings Trust and Robeco are each owners of shares of Berkshire Common Stock with a value in excess of $25,000 for at least one year and are co-sponsoring and have given notice that a representative from the Bright Start College Savings Trust intends to present for action at the meeting the following proposal.
Resolved: Shareholders of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (the “Company”) request that its Board of Directors (the “Board”) disclose in their annual proxy statement how climate-related risks are being governed by the company, including, but not limited to, the audit committee’s oversight of climate risks and disclosures. The disclosure should also include:
If and how the company is testing the impacts of climate-related risks on the business, including how assumptions from low-carbon scenarios would affect assumptions, costs, estimates, and valuations underlying its financial statements;
The degree to which the company deems directors to be competent in climate-related risks and any internal or external training that the board received on climate and ESG matters; and
If and how climate and ESG attributes are considered in director elections and succession planning.
The disclosures should be made at reasonable cost to the company and omitting any proprietary information.
Supporting Statement: Over the past year Berkshire Hathaway has made steps to clarify to investors how climate-related risks and opportunities are managed by the board by designating responsibility of these matters to the audit committee. As the risks related to climate change and the energy transition proliferate, this oversight is critical to ensure that these risks are being appropriately overseen and managed. Therefore, it is important that the company discloses how the changes to the audit committee charter have been implemented.
Climate-related impacts are already having a material impact on the company, including, but not limited, to the impact of hurricanes and floods on the earnings of the insurance business. To ensure that these financial impacts are contained in the future, it is essential for the board to be aware of how these impacts will arise and how they might impact the future financial performance of the company. Both physical and transitional climate-related risks are complex to understand and require a deep understanding of the implications of various climate scenarios. Investors expect all board members to be educated on climate-related matters.
Climate Action 100+, an investor-led initiative to ensure the world’s largest corporate greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emitters take necessary action on climate change, conducts an assessment of top carbon emitting companies against ten indicators, evaluating company performance on its transition to a net zero emissions future. The assessment reviews corporate disclosures on GHG emissions, capital allocation alignment, and climate governance among other factors. Berkshire Hathaway fails to meet the criteria on any of the ten indicators. 1
As governments around the world have committed to reduce emissions to net zero and mitigate warming to well below 2°C with the ambition of achieving 1.5°C, it is particularly important that the board is able to demonstrate its understanding of how the company will perform under such conditions and that these risks are accounted for.
We urge shareholders to vote for this proposal.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY FAVORS A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSAL FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS:
Climate-related risks and opportunities are addressed at the operating company level and considered by the Board and the Audit Committee simultaneously with enterprise and shareholder risk, in conjunction with the materiality of the company’s individual contribution to Berkshire’s consolidated net income.
Berkshire publishes its Corporate Governance Guidelines on its website at: https://berkshirehathaway.com/govern/corpgov.pdf . These guidelines specify director qualifications, including very high integrity, business savvy, an owner-oriented attitude and a genuine interest in the Company.
1 “Company Assessment Berkshire Hathaway.” Climate Action 100+ , available at:
https://www.climateaction100.org/company/berkshire-hathaway/ .
The Audit Committee receives quarterly updates on various sustainability matters across the non-insurance operations businesses. Berkshire’s experience in monitoring and assessing risk by its insurance operations lends additional expertise in examining the risks associated with climate change, including natural catastrophe, transition and regulatory risks.
Berkshire’s