climate change;
An explanation of how the board oversees and manages climate-related risks and opportunities; and,
An examination of the feasibility of the Company establishing science-based, greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction targets, consistent with limiting
climate change to well-below 2C.
The disclosure ought to include the details of any scenarios used, along with any material
assumptions for determining physical and transitional risks for the Company’s subsidiaries and investee organizations which are deemed by the Company to be materially impacted by climate change and the energy transition. The assessment may be a
stand-alone report or incorporated into existing reporting, and may cover topics such as governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics & targets. The assessment should be prepared at reasonable cost and omit proprietary information.
Supporting Statement
Climate change and the energy transition to a low-carbon economy pose a systemic risk to the economy. Many risks are already taking effect, impacting the value of
companies across multiple sectors. All companies should recognize and appraise physical and transitional climate risks. These risks and the board’s approach to their management, including any plans to achieve
net-zero emissions, should be disclosed to enable these to be appraised by investors. We consider the Company’s current level of disclosure to be insufficient for investors to fully appraise its material
climate-related risks and opportunities.
The Company’s disclosures show that it is concerned about the long-term viability of the
companies it owns and in which it invests. The disclosure of climate-related information complements this long-term approach. We recommend that the board consider aligning the disclosure of the Company’s climate-related risks and opportunities
with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Over 1,440 companies, including United States based industrial companies, support the TCFD recommendations, with 59 of the Climate Action 100+ companies
already reporting in line with this framework.
Many corporations have joined the Science Based Targets Initiative (SBTi) to set verifiable
science-based greenhouse gas reduction targets consistent with limiting global emissions to well below 2C. For example, CSX, a competitor to the Company’s BNSF railroad subsidiary, and National Grid, an electric utility company, are two of over
450 companies whose greenhouse gas targets have been verified and approved by the SBTi. Union Pacific, another competitor of BNSF, has committed to setting science-based targets, joining over 500 companies that have made such commitments to the
SBTi.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY FAVORS A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSAL FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS:
The Board of Directors does not believe that issuance of an annual assessment addressing how Berkshire manages physical and transitional
climate-related risks and opportunities for each of its subsidiaries and investee organizations is necessary.
The Board
recognizes the importance of responsibly managing climate-related risks to both shareholders and the future of Berkshire and its operating businesses. The Board regularly receives reports on the major risks and opportunities of the operating
companies, including those related to climate, and discusses those risks and opportunities. Berkshire manages its operating businesses on an unusually decentralized basis. There are few centralized or integrated business functions. We want our
managers to do the right things and we give them enormous latitude to do that; consistent with our business model, each subsidiary is independently responsible for identifying and managing the risks and opportunities associated with their business,
including those related to climate change.
The outcomes of our approach have been prolific. For example, Berkshire Hathaway
Energy determined independently that it would support the Paris Agreement on climate change in 2015 and has been increasing its investment in renewables ever since. In addition, Berkshire Hathaway Energy is partnering with organizations such as
Third Derivative, a global coalition of climate-focused startups, investors and strategic corporate partners working together to provide funding and support for the most promising technologies to accelerate reductions in global carbon emissions.
At BNSF, rail is already the most carbon-efficient land transport mode, and shippers who use rail instead of trucks cut their
carbon emissions by up to two-thirds. In addition, BNSF has long-standing fuel reduction initiatives that use both operational practices and technology to reduce carbon intensity. Further, BNSF is working with
partners to continually develop new technologies that lower fuel usage and reduce carbon emissions, such as the pilot of battery-electric locomotives with global equipment provider Wabtec.
In response to a prior shareholder proposal regarding concerns about the effect of climate change on Berkshire’s insurance
operations, Mr. Buffett explained why he did not believe climate change was a major threat to Berkshire’s insurance operations. Mr. Buffett’s full explanation can be found on pages 25 and 26 of Berkshire’s 2015 Annual Report
(www.berkshirehathaway.com/2015ar/2015ar.pdf).
Through their evaluations of climate-related risks and opportunities, Berkshire
businesses may determine it is advantageous to publicly commit to reducing their emissions. These public commitments may also lead to a formal submittal under a partnership such as the Science Based Targets initiative like Brooks Sports and Fruit of
the Loom have done. Our businesses will continue to learn from such participation in these partnerships.
Other Berkshire
businesses are making similar decisions that make great sense for the environment and Berkshire’s economics. These decisions are determined by their respective management teams and not as a result of an edict or requirement mandated by
Berkshire’s corporate management team. The leaders of Berkshire’s business groups embrace this culture, and we are seeing great results.
Berkshire has been continuously anticipating and responding to major changes in its business since Mr. Buffett became its controlling shareholder in 1965 and its CEO in 1970. Since many of
Berkshire’s subsidiaries are already making sound climate-related decisions, and more importantly because the Board believes that the shareholder proposal is inconsistent with Berkshire’s culture, the Board recommends that our shareholders
vote against the shareholder proposal.
Proxies given without instruction will be voted AGAINST this shareholder proposal.
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL
As You Sow on behalf of Handlery Hotels Inc., owner of shares of Berkshire Common Stock, with a value in excess of $2,000 intends to present for action at the meeting the following proposal.
Resolved: Shareholders request that Berkshire Hathaway Inc.’s (“Berkshire Hathaway”) holding companies annually publish reports
assessing their diversity and inclusion efforts, at reasonable expense and excluding proprietary information. At a minimum the report should include:
the process that the Board follows for assessing the effectiveness of diversity, equity and inclusion programs,
the Board’s assessment of program effectiveness, as reflected in any goals, metrics, and trends related to its promotion, recruitment and
retention of protected classes of employees.
Supporting Statement
Investors seek quantitative, comparable data to understand the effectiveness of the Berkshire Hathaway companies’ diversity, equity, and inclusion
programs.
Whereas: Numerous studies have pointed to the corporate benefits of a diverse workforce. These include:
Companies with the strongest racial and ethnic diversity are 35 percent more likely to have financial returns above their industry medians.
Companies in the top quartile for gender diversity are 21 percent more likely t