Climate change is a slow-moving process relative to many other public policy issues. Nonetheless, the future of the world’s climate
system hinges heavily on actions taken by governments, corporations, and individuals over the next few decades. Claims exposure to weather-related events requires that insurance and reinsurance companies take the lead in evaluating and managing the
impact of extreme weather. Meanwhile, climate change could have unanticipated adverse effects on the investments of insurers.
AND WHEREAS:
Reporting of risks helps companies better integrate and gain strategic value from existing operations, identify and anticipate gaps and opportunities, develop company-wide communications, and receive feedback. Reporting on the impact of climate
change for Berkshire Hathaway insurance companies would confirm their status as leaders in the global insurance industry, complementing the leadership BH energy companies demonstrate in the provision of renewable energy.
BE IT RESOLVED: Shareholders request the BH insurance division, within a reasonable period of time, issue a report describing the division’s
responses to the risks posed by climate change. The report should include specific initiatives and goals relating to each risk issue identified; be prepared at a reasonable cost; and omit proprietary information.
SUPPORTING STATEMENT:
Insurance regulators worldwide are exploring the implication of climate change-related risks for the insurance sector and adapting their
supervisory approach.
In 2013 the National Association of Insurance Commissioners in the US adopted revisions to the Financial
Condition Examiners Handbook to support examiners in assessing any potential impact of climate change on solvency of insurance firms.
In September 2015, the Prudential Regulation Authority of the Bank of England (responsible for regulation of UK insurance companies) issued an 85-page report outlining the risks facing the insurance
industry as a result of climate change. The PRA has indicated it expects PRA-regulated insurance firms to consider the risks identified.
The impact of climate change on the UK insurance sector: A climate change adaptation report by the Prudential Regulation Authority identifies three climate-change risk factors affecting
insurers:
“(i) Physical risks: the first-order risks which arise from weather-related events such as damage
to property, and also those that may arise indirectly through subsequent events, such as disruption of global supply chains or resource scarcity.
“(ii) Transition risks: the financial risk which could arise for insurance firms from
the transition to a lower-carbon economy. For insurance firms, this risk factor is mainly about the potential re-pricing of carbon-intensive financial assets, and the speed at which any such re-pricing might occur
“(iii) Liability risks: risks from parties who have suffered loss and damage from climate change, and then seek to recover
losses from others who they believe may have been responsible [through] third-party liability contracts such as professional indemnity or directors’ and officers’ insurance.”
The operations and capital strength of BH insurance companies would benefit greatly from a thorough internal review of the risks posed by
climate change.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY FAVORS A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSAL FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS:
The Board of Directors shares the views of Berkshire’s Chairman and CEO, Warren E. Buffett as to why Berkshire
shareholders should vote against the shareholder proposal. Mr. Buffett described his reasons in his letter to Berkshire shareholders that is included in Berkshire’s 2015 Annual Report. A condensed summary of his thoughts regarding this
proposal follow.
It seems highly likely to me that climate change poses a major problem for the planet. I say “highly
likely” rather than “certain” because I have no scientific aptitude and remember well the dire predictions of most “experts” about Y2K. It would be foolish, however, for me or anyone to demand 100% proof of huge forthcoming
damage to the world, if that outcome seemed at all possible and if prompt action had even a small chance of thwarting the threat. If there is only a 1% chance the planet is heading toward a truly major disaster and delay means passing a point of no
return, inaction now is foolhardy. Call this Noah’s Law: If an ark may be essential for survival , begin building it today, no matter how cloudless the skies appear.
It’s understandable that the sponsor of the proposal believes Berkshire is especially threatened by climate change because we are a huge insurer, covering all sorts of risks. The sponsor may worry
that property losses will skyrocket because of weather changes. And such worries might, in fact, be warranted if we wrote ten- or twenty-year policies at fixed prices. But insurance policies are customarily written for one year and repriced annually
to reflect changing exposures. Increased possibilities of loss translate promptly into increased premiums.
Up to now, climate
change has not produced more frequent or more costly hurricanes or other weather-related events covered by insurance. As a consequence, U.S. super-cat rates have fallen steadily in recent years which is why we have backed away from
that business. If super-cats become costlier and more frequent, the likely – though far from certain – effect on Berkshire’s insurance business would be to make it larger and more profitable.
As a citizen, you may understandably find climate change keeping you up at nights. As a homeowner in a low-lying area, you may wish to
consider moving. But when you are thinking only as a shareholder of a major insurer, climate change should not be on your list of worries.
Proxies given without instructions will be voted against this shareholder proposal.
OTHER MATTERS
As of the
date of this statement your management knows of no business to be presented to the meeting that is not referred to in the accompanying notice other than the approval of the minutes of the last Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which action will not be
construed as approval or disapproval of any of the matters referred to in such minutes. As to other business that may properly come before the meeting, it is intended that proxies properly executed and returned will be voted in respect thereof at
the discretion of the person voting the proxies in accordance with his or her best judgment, including upon any shareholder proposal about which the Corporation did not receive timely notice.
Annual Report
The Annual Report to the Shareholders for 2015 accompanies this proxy statement, but is not deemed a part of the proxy soliciting material.
A copy of the 2015 Form 10-K report as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, excluding exhibits, will be mailed to
shareholders without charge upon written request to: Sharon L. Heck, Secretary, Berkshire Hathaway Inc., 3555 Farnam Street, Omaha, NE 68131. Such request must set forth a good-faith representation that the requesting party was either a holder of
record or a beneficial owner of Class A or Class B Stock of the Corporation on March 2, 2016. Exhibits to the Form 10-K will be mailed upon similar request and payment of specified fees. The 2015 Form 10-K is also available through the
Securities and Exchange Commission’s website (www.sec.gov).
Proposals of Shareholders
Any shareholder proposal intended to be considered for inclusion in the proxy statement for presentation at the 2017 Annual Meeting must
be received by the Corporation by November 11, 2016. The proposal must be in accordance with the provisions of Rule 14a-8 promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. It is suggested the
proposal be submitted by certified mail – return receipt requested. Shareholders who intend to present a proposal at the 2017 Annual Meeting without including such proposal in the Corporation’s proxy statement must p