climate change targets. Methane emissions are a significant contributor to climate change, with an impact on global temperature roughly 84 times
that of CO2 over a 20 year period.
Utilities are increasingly reliant on gas however the 2015 failure of a gas injection well at Southern
California Gas Company’s Aliso Canyon Storage Field in Los Angeles revealed major vulnerabilities in the maintenance and safety of methane facilities. Relocation, clean up and well containment costs have soared to over $832 million dollars
to date with criminal filings and civil lawsuits pending against SoCal Gas.
Berkshire Hathaway has methane storage, distribution and
transportation facilities that may face similar risks through the Northern Natural Gas Company, Kern River Gas and Mid-American Energy Corp.
The EPA released guidelines in May 2016 targeting a 40-45 percent methane emissions reduction below 2012 levels by 2025. The One Future Emissions Framework has
a desired outcome of an average rate of emissions leakage that is equivalent to 1 percent of total natural gas production across the value chain.
A failure to proactively inspect, monitor, and upgrade transportation and storage infrastructure with the aim of reducing methane emissions causes lost revenue and may risk another leak leading to
litigation and regulations deemed by the One Future Emissions Documents as “not smart” in terms of being prescriptive, overkill and prohibitively costly. Berkshire’s adoption of a proactive stance towards safety, inspections and
updated maintenance should mitigate the potential for these financial and regulatory risks. Southern California Gas is currently suing LA County for requiring such enhanced and costly measures in response to the Aliso Canyon blowout.
Given the voluntary Methane Challenge and One Future Emissions Intensity Commitment framework is a “cost-effective” versus
“prescriptive” approach, shareholders would like to understand if this “cost-effective” approach employed at Berkshire is sufficient to mitigate significant lost revenue and financial risk.
RESOLVED: Shareholders request Berkshire Hathaway issue a report (by October 2018, at reasonable
cost, omitting proprietary information) reviewing the Company’s policies to measure, monitor, mitigate, disclose, to meet quantitative reduction targets and safety standards for methane assets and required upgrade costs to facilities resulting
from all operations, including storage and transportation, to meet such targets under the Company’s financial or operational control.
SUPPORTING STATEMENT: We believe the report should include the current leakage rate as a percentage of production, throughput, and stored gas;
management of high risk infrastructure; best practices; worst performing assets; environmental impact; reduction targets and methods to track progress over time. Best practice strategy would utilize real-time measurement and monitoring.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY FAVORS A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSAL FOR THE FOLLOWING REASONS:
The Board of Directors does not believe that issuance of a report reviewing the Company’s policies to measure, monitor, mitigate,
disclose, to meet quantitative reduction targets and safety standards for methane assets and required upgrade costs to facilities resulting from all operations, including storage and transportation, to meet such targets under the Company’s
financial or operational control is a prudent exercise to undertake.
We recognize the importance to our shareholders and to
the future of Berkshire and its subsidiary companies of minimizing methane releases from an environmental, safety and cost perspective. Northern Natural Gas and Kern River Gas Transmission Company, Berkshire’s gas transmission pipeline
businesses, are active participants in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Natural Gas STAR Program. This program is a voluntary partnership between the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and the oil and gas industry and promotes the
implementation of technologies and practices to reduce emissions of methane and transparently report the information. Northern Natural Gas and Kern River Gas Transmission Company, along with MidAmerican Energy Company, our Iowa based regulated gas
and electric utility, are founding partners of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s voluntary Natural Gas STAR Methane Challenge Program. The Methane Challenge Program builds upon the STAR program, creating a structure through which
companies submit plans to make specific, quantifiable emission reduction commitments and report results.
Berkshire’s gas
pipeline businesses have significantly reduced and avoided releases of methane, thus reducing greenhouse gas emissions, enhancing pipeline integrity, making their operations safer, and reducing costs for customers through reductions in lost gas.
Berkshire’s gas pipeline businesses have developed methane reduction goals and track progress toward those goals; these goals are advanced through emphasizing leading practices and implementing strategies to limit methane emissions. The gas
transmission pipelines’ combined leak rate for 2016 was 0.053% and for 2017 was 0.046%, measured as a percentage of throughput and is significantly below the goal of the ONE Future Initiative of 1%. This information is made available on the
pipelines’ respective websites. In addition, reports of methane emissions and reductions are submitted to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and have been made available on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s website. Methane
emissions and reduction information is publicly available and we do not believe that a separate report is required.
Proxies
given without instructions will be voted against this shareholder proposal.
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL
Ms. Freeda Cathcart is the owner of 500 shares of Class B Common Stock and has given notice that she intends to present for
action at the meeting the following proposal.
Resolved: Shareholders request that Berkshire Hathaway adopt a policy to encourage more
Berkshire subsidiary companies to issue annual sustainability reports. The disclosure should be prepared at reasonable cost and omit proprietary information.
Supporting statement: We commend some Berkshire subsidiaries for providing sustainability reports and believe Berkshire would benefit from encouraging more subsidiaries to: conduct sustainability
audits, set sustainability goals, and create web-based sustainability reports.
According to the US SIF
Foundation’s 2016 Report on US Sustainable, Responsible and Impact Investing Trends , as of year-end 2015, more than one out of every five dollars under professional management in the United
States–$8.72 trillion or more–was invested according to socially responsible investment strategies. This demonstrates a high level of interest from investors and the public in corporate social responsibility.
One of our subsidiaries, Business Wire, has the following on their website: “Sustainability, corporate governance, philanthropy and other Corporate
Social Responsibility (CSR) factors are a growing part of reporting, compliance and disclosure. Business Wire’s CSR Circuit provides you with the tools to accurately report your CSR efforts to interested audiences.”
Berkshire Hathaway Energy provides a good outline for other subsidiaries about the kinds of data and goals
to provide in sustainability reports:
We will responsibly use natural resources and pursue increased efficiencies that reduce waste and emissions at their source.
We will develop sustainable operations and implement environmental projects designed to leave a clean, healthy environment for our children and future
generations.
We will take care in balancing the needs of customers with our obligation to future generations.
We will seek opportunities to preserve, restore, protect and improve our natural surroundings.
We will set challenging goals and assess our ability to continually improve our environmental perf