climate change, with an impact on global temperature roughly 84 times that of CO2 over a 20 year period. Leaked methane represented
30 billion dollars of lost revenue (3 percent of gas produced) in 2012. Yet, an October 2016 study published in Nature indicates methane emissions from the oil and gas sector are 20 to 60 percent higher than previously thought.
While utilities are increasingly reliant on the safe, reliable, and efficient delivery of gas along the value chain, the 2015 failure of a gas
injection well at Southern California Gas Company’s Aliso Canyon Storage Field in Los Angeles revealed major vulnerabilities in the maintenance and safety of natural gas storage facilities. The incident exposed both a lack of oversight and
contingency planning in the face of a well blowout.
The casing failure of well SS-25 precipitated the
release of over 100,000 tons of methane into the atmosphere, resulting in the relocation of 8,000 families and jeopardizing California’s mitigation objectives under the state’s climate law AB-32.
Relocation, clean up, and well containment costs have soared to over 700 million dollars to date, with criminal filings and civil lawsuits against SoCal Gas pending.
There are over 400 gas storage facilities around the country. According to the Energy Information Administration (EIA), over 80 percent of these facilities are also located in depleted oil wells,
many drilled decades ago. Berkshire Hathaway has storage facilities that may face similar risks through the Northern Natural Gas Company subsidiary, which is estimated to hold the 11 th highest volume of natural gas in the country.
A failure by companies to proactively inspect, monitor, and upgrade critical transportation and storage infrastructure with the aim of reducing methane emissions may invite more rigorous regulations. The
EPA released new rules in May 2016 to reduce oil and gas sector methane emissions by 11 million metric tons by 2025.
Poor oversight of
gas infrastructure, including storage facilities, has a direct economic impact on Berkshire Hathaway, as lost gas is not available for sale. We believe a strong program of measurement, mitigation, target setting and disclosure reduces regulatory and
legal risk, maximizes gas for sale, and bolsters shareholder value.
RESOLVED: Shareholders request Berkshire Hathaway issue a report
(by October 2017, at reasonable cost, omitting proprietary information) reviewing the Company’s policies, actions and plans to measure, monitor, mitigate, disclose, and set quantitative reduction targets for methane emissions resulting from all
operations, including storage and transportation, under the Company’s financial or operational control.
SUPPORTING STATEMENT: We
believe the report should include the leakage rate as a percentage of production, throughput, and/or stored gas; management of high risk infrastructure; best practices; worst performing assets; environmental impact; reduction targets and methods to
track progress over time. Best practice strategy would utilize real-time measurement and monitoring.
THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS UNANIMOUSLY FAVORS A VOTE AGAINST THE PROPOSAL FOR THE
FOLLOWING REASONS:
The Board of Directors does not believe that issuance of a report reviewing the Company’s
policies, actions and plans to measure, monitor, mitigate, disclose and set quantitative reduction targets for methane emissions resulting from all operations, including storage and transportation, under the Company’s financial or operational
control is a prudent exercise to undertake. We recognize the importance to our shareholders and to the future of Berkshire and its subsidiary companies of minimizing methane releases from an environmental, safety and cost perspective. Northern
Natural Gas, one of Berkshire’s two gas pipeline businesses, has been an active participant in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s Natural Gas STAR Program since 1994. This program is a voluntary partnership between the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency and the oil and gas industry and promotes the implementation of technologies and practices to reduce emissions of methane and transparently report the information. In March 2016, Northern Natural Gas and Kern River
Gas Transmission Company, Berkshire’s other gas pipeline business, along with MidAmerican Energy Company, our Iowa based regulated gas and electric utility, became founding partners of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s voluntary
Natural Gas STAR Methane Challenge Program. The Methane Challenge Program builds upon the STAR program, creating a structure through which companies submit plans to make specific, quantifiable emission reduction commitments and report results.
Berkshire’s two natural gas transmission and distribution pipelines have significantly reduced and avoided releases of
methane, thus reducing greenhouse gas emissions, enhancing pipeline integrity, making their operations safer, and reducing costs for customers through reductions in lost gas. Reports of methane emissions and reductions are submitted to the U.S.
Environmental Protection Agency and have been made available on the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s website. Methane emissions and reduction information is publicly available and we do not believe that a separate report is required.
Proxies given without instructions will be voted against this shareholder proposal.
SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL
Nebraska Peace Foundation owns one share of Class A Common Stock and has given notice that a representative of The Nebraska Peace Foundation intends to present for action at the meeting the following proposal.
WHEREAS: Climate scientists assert with near unanimity that climate changes caused primarily by greenhouse gas emissions pose an existential threat to
civilization. The ubiquitous burning of fossil fuels and their infrastructures must now be radically curtailed within a few short years to prevent the worst of possible consequences of climate changes.
AND WHEREAS: Many investors and advisers warn of large future losses by companies in the fossil fuel industry. The risks of stranded fossil-fuel assets,
regulatory action, carbon pricing, litigation, and investor flight have many corporate executives rethinking the value of fossil fuel investments. Recently, Earth Institute Director Jeffrey Sachs urged institutional investors to exercise their
fiduciary responsibility to reduce the risk of losses via fossil fuel divestment.
AND WHEREAS: BH and subsidiaries hold considerable
investments in fossil-fuel companies, including Phillips 66 and Suncor Energy.
BE IT RESOLVED: Shareholders require that BH divest its
holdings in companies involved in the extracting, processing, and/or burning of fossil fuels within 12 years to protect its investment portfolio from financial losses.
SUPPORTING STATEMENT:
Originating on college campuses in 2011, the movement to divest from fossil
fuels has become the fastest growing divestment movement in history. By September 2016, 595 institutions – including pension funds, foundations, and university endowments – and tens of thousands of individuals have divested $3.4 trillion
in assets worldwide from fossil fuels.
The Rockefeller Brothers Fund, a fortune that originated from the company that became ExxonMobil, began
divesting fossil fuels in 2014. By the end of 2015, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation had followed suit and sold all its holdings in ExxonMobil and BP. In 2015 as well, the London-based Guardian Media Group announced it would sell all the fossil
fuel assets in its investment fund. GMG chair Neil Berkett stated that the decision was based on both financial and ethical grounds as fossil fuel assets had performed relatively poorly in recent years and were threatened by future climate change
action: “This means we can adopt socially responsible investment criteria without putting at risk [GMC’s] core purpose to generate long-term returns.”
Major corporations are also beginning to divest. In