environmental, social, and governance issues of real importance.
For example, on sustainability, the company was the first major U.S. bank to endorse the United Nations’ Principles
for Responsible Banking, thereby agreeing to work to align Citi’s business practices with the UN’s Sustainable
Development Goals and the Paris Agreement. On housing affordability, Citi ranked first among U.S. financiers for the 10 th
year in a row. And on diversity and inclusion, the company once again embraced “radical
Despite some very
significant external
challenges – most
notably decreased
interest rates and
significant trade
disruptions
– 2019
was Citi’s most
profitable year
since 2006...
Table of Contents
www.citigroup.com
transparency” by being the first U.S. company to disclose how the gaps in representation at the higher levels of our
firm between women and men and between U.S. minorities and U.S. non-minorities result in pay gaps for those groups. The purpose
of publicly disclosing these “raw pay gaps” is to keep pressure on Citi to continue to do more to reduce such
gaps over time – as the firm has already begun to do. The Board fully supported each of these measures.
Finally, as of this writing, Citi, like companies all over the world, faces the growing challenges presented by the spread
of the Coronavirus. Rest assured that the company and your Board are keenly engaged and taking appropriate measures to address
these extraordinary circumstances.
Thank you for your ongoing support of Citi. Dialogue with shareholders is a fundamental feature of a well governed organization, and we will continue to make it a priority. Please write with any concerns or suggestions to: Citigroup Inc. Board of Directors, c/o Rohan Weerasinghe, General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, 388 Greenwich Street, New York, NY 10013.
Michael L. Corbat
Peter B. Henry
Diana L. Taylor
Ellen M. Costello
S. Leslie Ireland
James S. Turley
Grace E. Dailey
Lew W. (Jay) Jacobs, IV
Deborah C. Wright
Barbara J. Desoer
Renée J. James
Alexander R. Wynaendts
John C. Dugan
Eugene M. McQuade
Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de Leon
Duncan P. Hennes
Gary M. Reiner
A WORD OF APPRECIATION
Gene McQuade, who will be retiring from our Board in April, has had a long and distinguished career with
the company. Beginning in 2009, he served in management as CEO of Citibank, N.A. and later Vice Chairman of Citigroup; and
for the last five years he has served on our Board, most recently as Chair of the Risk Management Committee. Gene played a
critical role in helping to lead the company through the aftermath of the financial crisis, and drawing on his long experience
as a banker, he provided wise and thoughtful oversight as a director. We thank him for his many valuable contributions.
Table of Contents
(Intentionally Left Blank)
Table of Contents
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Citigroup Inc.
388 Greenwich Street
New York, New York 10013
Dear Stockholder:
Citi’s Annual Stockholders’ Meeting will be held on Tuesday,
April 21, 2020, at 9:00 a.m. at the George R. Brown Convention Center, 1001 Avenida de las Americas, Houston, Texas 77010.
Directions to the 2020 Annual Meeting location are provided on pages 131 and 132 of this Proxy Statement. If you wish to attend the
meeting in person, you will need to obtain an admission ticket in advance. Please go to the “Register for
Meeting” link at www.proxyvote.com to print your admission ticket. Live audio of the Annual Meeting will be webcast at
www.citigroup.com. Depending on concerns about the Coronavirus or COVID-19, we might hold a Virtual Annual Meeting instead of
holding the meeting in Texas. The Company would publicly announce a determination to hold a Virtual Annual Meeting in a press
release available at www.citigroup.com as soon as practicable before the meeting. In that event, the 2020 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders would be conducted solely virtually, on the above date and time, via live audio webcast. You or your proxyholder
could participate, vote, and examine our stocklist at the Virtual Annual Meeting by visiting
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CITI2020 and using your 16-digit control number, but only if the meeting is not held in
Texas.
At the meeting, stockholders will be asked to:
elect the directors listed in this proxy statement,
ratify the selection of Citi’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2020,
consider an advisory vote to approve Citi’s 2019 executive compensation,
approve additional authorized shares under the Citigroup 2019 Stock Incentive Plan,
act on certain stockholder proposals, and
consider any other business properly brought before the meeting, or any adjournment or postponement thereof, by or at the direction of the Board of Directors.
Citi has utilized the Securities and Exchange Commission rule allowing companies to furnish proxy materials to its stockholders over the Internet. This process allows us to expedite our stockholders’ receipt of proxy materials, lower the costs of distribution, and reduce the environmental impact of our 2020 Annual Meeting.
In accordance with this rule, on or about March 11, 2020, we sent to those current stockholders who were stockholders at the close of business on February 24, 2020, a notice of the 2020 Annual Meeting containing a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (Notice). The Notice contains instructions on how to access our Proxy Statement and Annual Report and vote online. If you received a Notice and would like to receive a printed copy of our proxy materials from us instead of downloading a printable version from the Internet, please follow the instructions for requesting such materials included in the Notice.
By order of the Board of Directors,
Rohan Weerasinghe
Corporate Secretary
March 11, 2020
www.citigroup.com
Table of Contents
(Intentionally Left Blank)
Table of Contents
Contents
PROXY STATEMENT HIGHLIGHTS
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE (ESG) HIGHLIGHTS
ABOUT THE 2020 ANNUAL MEETING
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Corporate Governance Materials Available on Citi’s Website
Annual Report
Corporate Governance Guidelines
Director Independence
Meetings of the Board of Directors and Committees
Meetings of Non-Management Directors
Board Leadership Structure
Board Diversity
Director Education Program
Board Self-Assessment Process
Board’s Role in Risk Oversight
Committees of the Board of Directors
Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings
Certain Transactions and Relationships, Compensation Committee Interlocks, and Insider Participation
Indebtedness
Citi’s Hedging Policies
Business Practices Committees
Ethics, Conduct and Culture
Code of Ethics for Financial Professionals
Ethics Hotline
Code of Conduct
Communications with the Board
STOCK OWNERSHIP