sustainability policies and programs, including environmental policies. The Committee’s focus is global, reflecting Citi’s global footprint.
With respect to regular succession of the CEO and senior management, Citi’s Board evaluates internal, and, when appropriate, external candidates. To find external candidates, Citi seeks input from the members of the Board and senior management and/or from recruiting firms. To develop internal candidates, Citi engages in a number of practices, formal and informal, designed to familiarize the Board with Citi’s talent pool. The formal process involves an annual talent review conducted by senior management at which the Board studies the most promising members of senior management. The Board learns about each person’s experience, skills, areas of expertise, accomplishments, and goals. This review is conducted at a regularly scheduled Board meeting on an annual basis. In addition, members of senior management are periodically asked to make presentations to the Board at Board meetings and at the Board strategy sessions. These presentations are made by senior managers at the various business units as well as those who serve in corporate functions. The purpose of the formal review and other interaction is to ensure that Board members are familiar with the talent pool inside Citi from which the Board would be able to choose successors to the CEO and evaluate succession for other senior managers as necessary from time to time.
The Board has determined that, in addition to being independent according to the Board’s independence standards as set out in its Corporate Governance Guidelines, each of the members of the Nomination, Governance and Public Affairs Committee is independent according to the corporate governance rules of the NYSE.
The Nomination, Governance and Public Affairs Committee Charter, as adopted by the Board, is available on our website at www.citigroup.com . Click on “About Us,” then “Corporate Governance,” and then “Board of Directors’ Committee Charters.”
The Operations and Technology Committee, which is responsible for overseeing the scope, direction, quality, and execution of Citi’s technology strategies formulated by management; and providing guidance on technology as it may pertain to, among other things, Citi business products and technology platforms.
The Personnel and Compensation Committee, which has been delegated broad authority to oversee compensation of employees of the Company and its subsidiaries and affiliates. The Committee will regularly review Citi’s management resources and performance of senior management. The Committee is responsible for determining the compensation for the CEO and approving the compensation of other executive officers of the Company and members of Citi’s Operating Committee. The Committee is also responsible for approving the incentive compensation structure for other members of senior management and certain highly compensated employees (including discretionary incentive awards to covered employees as defined in applicable bank regulatory guidance), in accordance with guidelines established by the Committee from time to time. The Committee also has broad oversight over compliance with bank regulatory guidance governing Citi’s incentive compensation.
The Committee annually reviews and discusses the