environmental,
social and governance (“ESG”) matters. Key elements of our progress include:
Engaging with our investors. We continued our active investor
outreach in 2019, meeting with stockholders representing approximately 30% of our shares outstanding to discuss a variety of topics,
including strategy and value proposition, corporate governance, executive compensation, human capital management, culture, and
sustainability. The input we received continues to be incorporated into our Board’s deliberations and decision making. For
example, our Board and management team recognize we compete against the broad market for investor attention, so we are adding the
S&P Total Return Index to our performance peer group for 2020.
Celebrating our workforce. Our progress and continued success
could not be achieved without the efforts of our more than 10,000 employees. Their commitment and dedication made our transformation
possible. We are proud to have a workforce that is diverse, inclusive, has the skills for the future and is highly engaged. At
ConocoPhillips, we take pride in having a strong culture based on our SPIRIT Values of Safety, People, Integrity, Responsibility,
Innovation and Teamwork.
Being a good neighbor. We are widely recognized as a leader
in environmental performance and disclosure. External recognition includes our standing in the S&P 500 ESG Index and the Dow
Jones Sustainability Index. We take a leadership stance on ESG issues with support from an engaged and diverse Board. We are particularly
proud to have been the first E&P company to set a greenhouse gas emissions intensity reduction target and we are monitoring
progress toward that target.
Partnering to advance innovation: Consistent with our core
value of innovation at ConocoPhillips, we are in partnership with some of the most innovative companies in Silicon Valley and the
top three global cloud leaders. We are implementing robotic process automation in our back-office functions, advancing artificial
intelligence, and advancing machine and deep learning for emissions monitoring and seismic advancements. In addition, we use predictive
analytics across our operations and planning processes. We understand that digital technology will be a differentiator within the
industry and we are committed to being on the forefront of this important frontier.
Your input is valued and your vote is very important
We strongly believe that regular engagement with all of our stakeholders
- stockholders, employees, customers, suppliers, advocacy groups, governments and communities – is critical to our long-term
success. The Annual Meeting is another opportunity for stockholders to express views on matters relating to ConocoPhillips’
business, and we hope you will participate.
Whether or not you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting,
and no matter how many shares you own, we encourage you to vote promptly. Prior to the meeting, you may sign and return your proxy
card, use telephone or Internet voting, or visit the Annual Meeting website at www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting to register
your vote. Instructions on how to vote begin on page 111 .
We look forward to sharing more about our company and your company
during the Annual Meeting on May 12.
Thank you for your continued support.
Ryan M. Lance
Robert A. Niblock
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Lead Director
2020 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Notice of 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Date
Tuesday, May 12, 2020
Time
9:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location
Online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ COP2020
Record Date
March 16, 2020
Participate in the Future of ConocoPhillips—Vote Now
Online
Use your smartphone or computer. www.proxyvote.com
Phone Call
Dial (800) 690-6903
toll-free 24/7.
Mail
Cast your ballot, sign your proxy card and send by mail in the
enclosed postage-paid envelope.
Annual Meeting
You may participate in the Annual Meeting and vote electronically.
Proposals Requiring Your Vote
Purpose
Board
Recommendation
Page
Election
of 13 Directors
FOR each nominee
Ratification
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Advisory
Approval of the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers
Only stockholders of record at the close of business on March 16,
2020 will be entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the
Annual Meeting will be available for inspection by any stockholder at our offices in Houston, Texas during ordinary business hours
for a period of 10 days prior to the meeting. This list will also be available for stockholders to view online at the time of the meeting.
Visit our Annual Meeting website at www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting to learn more about our Annual Meeting, review and download this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 (the “Annual Report”), submit questions in advance of the Annual Meeting, and sign up for electronic delivery of materials for future annual meetings.
March 30, 2020
By Order of the Board of Directors
Kelly B. Rose
Corporate Secretary
Your vote is very important to us and to our business. Even if
you plan to participate in the Annual Meeting, please vote right away. For more information on voting, please see “ Available
Information and Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting ” beginning on page
110 .
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials
for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be Held on May 12, 2020: This Proxy Statement and our 2019 Annual Report are available
at www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting .
ConocoPhillips
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this
Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire
Proxy Statement carefully before voting. For more complete information regarding ConocoPhillips’ 2019 performance, please
review our Annual Report.
About ConocoPhillips
COMPANY OVERVIEW
Headquartered in Houston, Texas, ConocoPhillips had operations
and activities in 17 countries, $71 billion of total assets, and approximately 10,400 employees as of December 31, 2019. Production
excluding Libya averaged 1,305 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (“MBOED”) in 2019, and proved reserves were
5.3 billion barrels of oil equivalent (“BBOE”) as of December 31, 2019. Our key focus areas include safely operating
producing assets, executing major developments, and exploring for new resources in promising areas. Our portfolio includes resource-rich
unconventional plays in North America; lower-risk conventional assets in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia; several liquefied
natural gas developments; and an inventory of global conventional and unconventional exploration prospects.
Across our 17 countries of operations, more
than 10,000 people work in a truly integrated way to find and produce oil and natural gas.
Global Operations and Activities
Employees
2019 Production*
2019 Proved Reserves
Countries as of Dec. 31, 2019
~10,400
as of Dec. 31, 2019
1,305
MBOED
Billion BOE
* Production excludes Libya.
2020 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
CONTINUED STRONG EXECUTION OF OUR VALUE PROPOSITION IN 2019
In late 2016, ConocoPhillips launched a unique value proposition
aimed at delivering superior returns to stockholders through price cycles by maintaining disciplined capital allocation
and responsible execution. The value proposition was based on a view that our business, while opportunity-rich, is also mature,
capital-intensive, and cyclical. To succeed, we believed that it was necessary to focus on returns, maintain a strong balance sheet,
grow cash from operations, and generate peer-leading distributions to stockholders. Our value proposition is underpinned by these
principles and as a result, management set forth clear strategic priorities specifying how cash flows from the business we