human capital management: the Human Resources and Compensation Committee oversees our employee compensation programs and diversity and inclusion initiatives; the Committee on Directors’ Affairs and the Human Resources and Compensation Committee oversee talent development; our Public Policy Committee oversees our practices relating to health and safety matters; and the Audit and Finance Committee oversees compliance with our Code of Business Ethics and Conduct.
Your continued input is valued, and your vote is important
We strongly believe that regular engagement with all of our stakeholders – including stockholders, employees, customers, suppliers, advocacy groups, governments, and communities – is critical to our long-term success. Our engagement activities have provided us with valuable feedback that informs our decisions and our strategy. The Annual Meeting is another opportunity for stockholders to express views on matters relating to ConocoPhillips’ business, and we hope to see you there.
Even if you plan to attend in person, we encourage you to vote in advance. Your vote is very important to us and to our business. Prior to the meeting, you may sign and return your proxy card, use telephone or Internet voting, or visit the Annual Meeting website at www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting to register your vote. Instructions on how to vote begin on page 105 .
Thank you for your continued support.
Ryan M. Lance
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Robert A. Niblock
Lead Director (as of May 13, 2019)
2019 Proxy Statement 3
Table of Contents
Notice of 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Date
Tuesday, May 14, 2019
Time
9:00 a.m. (CDT)
Location
The Omni Houston Hotel at Westside in Houston, Texas
Record Date
March 18, 2019
Participate in the Future of ConocoPhillips—Vote Now
Online
Use your smartphone or computer.
www.proxyvote.com
Phone Call
Dial (800) 690-6903
toll-free 24/7.
Mail
Cast your ballot, sign your proxy card and send by mail in the enclosed postage-paid envelope.
In Person
You may attend the Annual Meeting and vote in person.
Proposals Requiring Your Vote
Purpose
Board
Recommendation
Page
Election of 11 Directors
FOR each
nominee
Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm
Advisory Approval of the Compensation of our Named Executive Officers
Only stockholders of record at the close of business on March 18, 2019 will be entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting. A list of stockholders entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting will be available for inspection by any stockholder at our offices in Houston, Texas during ordinary business hours for a period of 10 days prior to the meeting.
Visit our Annual Meeting website at www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting to watch a video message from Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO, review and download this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 (the “Annual Report”), submit questions in advance of the Annual Meeting, and sign up for electronic delivery of materials for future annual meetings.
April 1, 2019
By Order of the Board of Directors
Kelly B. Rose
Corporate Secretary
Your vote is very important to us and to our business. Even if you plan to attend the Annual Meeting, please vote right away. For more information on voting, please see “ Available Information and Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting ” beginning on page 104 .
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the 2019 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be Held on May 14, 2019: This Proxy Statement and our 2018 Annual Report are available at
www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting .
4 ConocoPhillips
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. For more complete information regarding ConocoPhillips’ 2018 performance, please review our Annual Report.
About ConocoPhillips
COMPANY OVERVIEW
ConocoPhillips is the world’s largest independent exploration and production company based on proved reserves and production of liquids and natural gas. As of December 31, 2018, ConocoPhillips had global operations and activities in 16 countries, $70 billion of total assets, and approximately 10,800 employees. Production excluding Libya averaged 1,242 thousand barrels of oil equivalent per day (“MBOED”) in 2018, and proved reserves were 5.3 billion barrels of oil equivalent (“BOE”) as of December 31, 2018. Our key focus areas include safely operating producing assets, executing major developments, and exploring for new resources in promising areas. Our portfolio includes resource-rich unconventional plays in North America; lower-risk conventional assets in North America, Europe, Asia, and Australia; several liquefied natural gas developments; and an inventory of global conventional and unconventional exploration prospects.
ConocoPhillips is the world’s largest independent exploration and production company based on proved reserves and production of liquids and natural gas
Global Operations and Activities
Employees
2018 Production*
2018 Proved Reserves
Countries as of Dec. 31, 2018
~10,800
as of Dec. 31, 2018
1,242
MBOED
Billion BOE
Production excludes Libya.
2019 Proxy Statement 5
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
CONTINUED STRONG EXECUTION OF OUR VALUE PROPOSITION IN 2018
In late 2016, ConocoPhillips launched a unique value proposition aimed at delivering superior returns to stockholders through price cycles. The value proposition is based on a view that our business, while opportunity-rich, is also mature, capital intensive, and cyclical. To succeed, it is necessary to maintain a strong balance sheet, grow distributions to owners, and exercise capital discipline. Our value proposition is underpinned by these principles, as well as the following clear strategic priorities that specified how cash flows from the business were to be allocated in 2018:
Invest enough capital to sustain production and pay existing dividend;
Grow dividend annually;
Reduce debt and target ‘A’ credit rating;
Pay out 20 to 30 percent of cash from operations to stockholders annually; and
Disciplined investment to expand cash from operations.
Over the past two years, we have taken numerous actions to achieve our priorities and improve the underlying quality of our business. We have significantly lowered our sustaining price and strengthened our balance sheet. We have grown our resource base with a cost of supply less than $40 per barrel West Texas Intermediate. We have delivered competitive per share growth, not chased absolute growth. We returned a distinctive payout of cash flows to stockholders, kept our costs in check, and generated among the most competitive financial returns in the business. In late 2018, we recommitted to our strategic priorities and increased our target payout to stockholders to greater than 30 percent of cash from operations from 20-30 percent. We no longer think of our value proposition as merely disciplined, we view it as the new order.
Following a successful year in 2017, ConocoPhillips achieved several important milestones in 2018, as shown below:
2018 Highlights - Delivering on Our New Order Value Proposition
Strategy
Financials
Operations
Portfolio
> Delivered on priorities
> Achieved 12.6% ROCE 5
> Increased dividend 15%
> Achieved $15B debt target 18 months ahead of plan
> Executed $3B of buybacks; increased total authorization to $15B
> Returned ~35% of CFO 1 to stockholders
> $6.3B earnings, $5.32 EPS; $5.3B adjusted earnings 5 , $4.54 adjusted EPS 5
> $12.9B cash provided by operating activities, $12.3B CFO 1 ; $5.5B free cash flow 5
> Ending cash 2 of $6.4B
> Rated single “A” by three major credit rating agencies
> Reached settlement to fully recover ~$2B PDVSA ICC award; recognized >$0.4B
> Safely executed capit