human capital management, culture, climate change,
and sustainability. We spoke with representatives from our top institutional investors, mutual funds, public pension funds, labor
unions, and socially responsible funds to hear their views on these important topics. Overall, investors expressed strong support
for ConocoPhillips. We believe our regular stockholder engagement was productive and provided an open exchange of ideas and perspectives
for both ConocoPhillips and our stockholders. For more information, see “ Stockholder Engagement and Board Responsiveness ”
beginning on page 16 and “ 2020 Say on Pay Vote Result, Stockholder Engagement, and
Board Responsivenes s” beginning on page 57 .
2021 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
Director Nominees
The Board recommends a vote FOR each
of the 15 nominees listed below. All of the nominees are currently serving as directors.
ConocoPhillips
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
2021 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
Board Refreshment and Diversity
The Committee on Directors’ Affairs regularly evaluates the size and composition
of the Board and continually assesses whether the composition appropriately relates to ConocoPhillips’ strategic needs, which
change as our business environment evolves. When conducting its review of the appropriate skills and qualifications desired of
directors, the Committee on Directors’ Affairs considers any planned retirements from the Board, as well as background and
diversity (including gender, ethnicity, race, national origin, and geographic background). As shown below, the Board balances its
commitment to maintaining institutional knowledge with the need for fresh perspectives that board refreshment and director succession
planning provide.
Governance Highlights
Our Board oversees the development and execution of our strategy. We have robust
governance practices and procedures that support our strategy. To maintain and enhance independent oversight, our Board is focused
on its composition and effectiveness and has implemented a number of measures for continuous improvement.
The measures outlined below align our corporate governance structure with our
strategic objectives and enable the Board to effectively communicate and execute our culture of compliance and rigorous risk management.
COMPREHENSIVE, INTEGRATED GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
Our Board is committed to regular renewal and refreshment. We are continuously
focused on the director recruitment and selection process. As a result, we have an experienced and diverse group of nominees.
See “ How Are Nominees Selected ?” beginning on page 36 .
Our Board’s thorough onboarding and director education processes complement
this recruitment process. See “ Director Onboarding and Education ” beginning on page
23 .
Our independent Lead Director’s robust duties are set forth in our Corporate
Governance Guidelines. See “ Our Lead Director ” beginning on page 20 .
Our non-employee directors meet privately in executive session at each regularly
scheduled Board meeting.
Our Board reviews CEO and senior management succession and development plans
at least annually and assesses candidates during Board and committee meetings and in less formal settings.
Our Board and committees conduct intensive and thoughtful annual evaluations
of the Board, its committees, and its directors, including self-evaluations and peer assessments. See “ Board and
Committee Evaluations ” on page 22 .
Our directors provide feedback on Board and committee effectiveness, including
areas such as Board composition and the Board/management succession-planning process.
Our Board regularly assesses its leadership structure.
Our Board’s decision-making is informed by input from stockholders.
The governance best practices we have adopted support
these general principles:
• Annual election of all directors
• Long-standing commitment to sustainability
• Stock ownership
guidelines for directors and executives
• Independent Audit and
Finance, Human Resources and Compensation and Directors’ Affairs committees
• Transparent public policy engagement
• Prohibition
on pledging and hedging for all employees
• Proxy access
• Active stockholder engagement
• Majority independent Board
• Executive
sessions of non-employee directors held at each regularly scheduled Board meeting
• Empowered independent Lead Director
• Majority vote standard in uncontested elections
• Clawback Policy
ConocoPhillips
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
Executive Compensation
2020 Compensation Program Structure
Each year the Human Resources and Compensation Committee (the “HRCC”),
advised by its independent compensation consultant and informed by feedback from stockholders, undertakes a rigorous process to
set and review executive compensation. The HRCC believes a substantial portion of our executive compensation should be equity-based
and focused on rewarding long-term performance and furthermore, that this approach most closely aligns the interests of our top
executives with those of our stockholders.
The four primary elements of our executive compensation program are designed
to provide a target total value for compensation that is competitive with our peers and attracts and retains the talented executives
necessary to manage a large and complex company like ConocoPhillips. The following chart summarizes the principal components of
our executive compensation program and the performance drivers of each element.
2020
Element of Pay
Overview
Benchmarks/Performance Measures
Annual
Salary
Fixed cash compensation to attract and retain executives and balance at-risk
compensation
Range: Salary grade minimum/maximum
• Benchmarked to compensation reference group median; adjusted for experience, responsibility, performance, and potential
Variable Cash Incentive Program (“VCIP”)
Variable annual cash compensation to motivate and reward executives for achieving
annual goals and strategic milestones that are critical to our strategic priorities
Range: 0% - 200% of target for
corporate performance, inclusive of
individual adjustments
• Health, Safety, and Environmental ( 20% )
• Operational ( 20% )
• Financial – Absolute and Relative Adjusted ROCE ( 20% )
• Strategic Milestones ( 20% )
• Relative TSR ( 20% )
• Measured over a one-year performance period and aligned with our strategic
priorities
Long-Term Incentive Program (“LTIP”)
Variable long-term equity-based compensation to motivate
and reward executives for achieving multi-year strategic priorities
Granted at beginning of three-year performance period with
final cash payout following the conclusion of the performance period based on HRCC assessment of progress toward pre-established
corporate performance metrics and stock price on the settlement date
Range: 0% - 200% of
total target award, inclusive of corporate performance adjustments
• Relative TSR
( 50% ) (1)
• Financial –
Relative Adjusted ROCE and/or Adjusted CROCE ( 30% ) (1)(2)
• Strategic Objectives
( 20% ) (1)
• Measured over
a three-year performance period and aligned with our strategic priorities
• Stock price
Long-term equity-based compensation designed to encourage
executive retention while incentivizing absolute performance that is aligned with stockholder interests
Annual award settles in cash on third anniversary of grant
date based on the stock price on the settlement date (3)
Range: 0% - 100% of
target
• Stock price
• Vest in three years
Performance share programs commencing prior to 2019, including
PSP 18, include Strategic Objectives as a PSP measure; however, effective with performance share programs commencing in 2019,
Strategic Objectives has been eliminated as a performance measure from the PSP and the weighting of relative TSR has increased
from 50% to 60% and relative Financial has increased from 30% to 40%. This change allows the HRCC to calculate payouts
under the LTIP on a formulaic basis.
Beginning with performance share programs commencing in 2020, the financial
perform