Sustainability XIII SPIRIT Values XIV Notice of 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement 1 On the cover and pictured above: Well pad in the Bakken unconventional development in North America.
Letter to Stockholders March 28, 2016 Dear Fellow Stockholder: I invite you to join the ConocoPhillips Board of Directors, executives, employees and your fellow stockholders at our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. The meeting will take place at the Omni Houston Hotel at Westside, 13210 Katy Freeway, Houston, Texas 77079, on Tuesday, May 10, 2016, at 9:00 a.m. CDT. continuously for three years, may submit nominees for up to 20% of the Board, or two nominees, whichever is greater, for inclusion in our proxy materials, subject to complying with the requirements contained in our By-Laws. Every Vote Is Important—Please Vote Right Away Your vote is very important to us and to our business. Prior to the meeting, I encourage you to sign and return your proxy card, use telephone or Internet voting, or visit the Annual Meeting website at www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting to register your vote. Instructions on how to vote begin on page 85. The attached Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement provide information about the business to be conducted at the meeting. Governance Highlights Proxy access has gained considerable momentum among investors. Following our 2015 Annual Meeting, at which a proxy access stockholder proposal received the support of a majority of the votes cast, and through the summer and fall of 2015, we engaged in extensive stockholder outreach. From the Board’s perspective, we want to balance the interests of significant stockholders with the potential for disruption that could result from an abusive use of this tool, such as by parties without a meaningful level of ownership or long-term stake in the company. Following a review of corporate governance best practices and trends and our Company’s particular facts and circumstances, as well as the views expressed by our stockholders in voting for the stockholder proposal and in the engagement efforts that followed, our Board amended our By-Laws to provide a proxy access right to stockholders. As a result, a stockholder or a group of up to 20 stockholders, owning at least 3% of our shares Our Brand The essence of the ConocoPhillips brand is Accountability + Performance. These guide not only what we do, but how we do it. Our SPIRIT Values—Safety, People, Integrity, Responsibility, Innovation and Teamwork—are a part of our brand and remain a key component of our company culture. I invite you to attend our Annual Meeting in May to learn more about our brand, our values and our Company. Thank you for your support. Ryan M. Lance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ConocoPhillips 2016 PROXY STATEMENT I
2016 Annual Meeting Directions from Downtown Houston • Take I-10 West 3 miles past Sam Houston Tollway. • Exit Eldridge Parkway (Exit 753A). • Turn right (north) on Eldridge Parkway. • The hotel will be immediately on your left. Date: Tuesday, May 10, 2016 Time: 9:00 a.m. (CDT) Location: Omni Houston Hotel at Westside 13210 Katy Freeway Houston, Texas 77079 (281) 558-8338 Record Date: March 14, 2016 Old Katy Road I-10 Katy Freeway I-10 i Visit Our Annual Meeting Website: www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting • Watch a special message for our stockholders from Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO. • Review and download this Proxy Statement and our Annual Report. • Sign up for electronic delivery of future Annual Meeting materials to save money and reduce ConocoPhillips’ impact on the environment. Electronic Delivery of Proxy Statement and Annual Report Materials Stockholders of record and most beneficial owners can elect to view future proxy statements and annual reports over the Internet instead of receiving paper copies in the mail. If you own ConocoPhillips stock in your name, you can help us reduce paper consumption, production and mailing costs by choosing this option. Just follow the instructions on your proxy card or those provided when you vote by telephone or over the Internet. If you hold your ConocoPhillips stock through a bank, broker or other holder of record, please refer to the information provided by that entity for instructions on how to go green by electing to view future proxy statements and annual reports over the Internet. Questions and Answers (page 85) Please see the Questions and Answers section beginning on page 85 for important information about the proxy materials, voting, the Annual Meeting, Company documents, communications and the deadlines to submit stockholder proposals for the 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. N. Dairy Ashford Rd N. Eldridge Pky ConocoPhillips 2016 PROXY STATEMENT N II
Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. For more complete information regarding the Company’s 2015 performance, please review the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. Proposals Requiring Your Vote 1 2 3 4-5 Board Recommendation Election of Directors For more information, see page 16. FOR Each Nominee Board Recommendation FOR Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm For more information, see page 24. Board Recommendation FOR Advisory Approval of the Compensation of the Company’s Named Executive Officers For more information, see page 28. Board Recommendation AGAINST Proposal Stockholder Proposals For more information, see pages 80-83. Each Votes Required for Approval: Affirmative “FOR” vote of a majority of those shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the proposal. Participate in the Future of ConocoPhillips—Vote Now Online Use your smartphone or computer. www.proxyvote.com Your vote is very important to us and to our business. Vote now. Even if you plan to attend our Annual Meeting in person, please read this Proxy Statement carefully and vote right away using any of these methods. In all cases, have your proxy card or voting instruction card in hand and follow the instructions. Phone Call Dial (800) 690-6903 toll-free 24/7. If you are a beneficial owner and do not give your broker instructions on how to vote your shares, the broker will return the proxy card to us without voting on proposals not considered “routine.” This is known as a broker non-vote. Only the ratification of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2016 is considered to be a routine matter. Your broker may not vote on any non-routine matters without instructions from you. or Mail Cast your ballot, sign your proxy card and send by mail in the enclosed postage-paid envelope. If you hold your ConocoPhillips stock in a brokerage account (that is, in “street name”), your ability to vote by telephone or over the Internet depends on your broker’s voting process. Please follow the directions on your proxy card or voting instruction card carefully. If you plan to vote in person at the Annual Meeting and you hold your ConocoPhillips stock in street name, you must obtain a proxy from your broker and bring that proxy to the meeting. If you hold your stock through ConocoPhillips’ employee benefit plans, please see “Questions and Answers About the Annual Meeting and Voting” for information about voting. ConocoPhillips 2016 PROXY STATEMENT III
Director Nominees The Board recommends a vote for all the nominees listed below. Richard L. Armitage Age: 70 Director since: 2006 Independent: YES ConocoPhillips Committees: DAC, PPC John V. Faraci Age: 66 Director since: 2015 Independent: YES ConocoPhillips Committees: AFC Ryan M. Lance Age: 53 Director since: 2012 Independent: NO ConocoPhillips Committees: Exec* President of Armitage International; former U.S. Deputy Secret