Sustainability XIII SPIRIT Values XIV Notice of 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement 1 The CD5 drill site, part of the Alpine field in Alaska, achieved first production in late 2015.
Letter to Stockholders April 3, 2017 Dear Fellow Stockholder: I invite you to join the ConocoPhillips Board of Directors, executives, employees and your fellow stockholders at our 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. We are pleased that this Annual Meeting will be conducted entirely via live webcast, making this our first completely “virtual” meeting of stockholders. You will be able to par ticipate online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/COP and may submit your questions during the meeting. You will also be able to vote your shares electronically during the meeting (other than shares held through our employee benefit plans, which must be voted beforehand). production and pay our existing dividend; grow our dividend; reduce our debt levels to target an ‘A’ credit rating; target a payout of 20 to 30 percent of our cash from operating activities to shareholders through a combination of the dividend and share buybacks; and grow production. Since launching our updated value proposition, the reception has been positive and importantly, by early 2017 we had activated all five priorities. We’ve grown the dividend, initiated our share repurchase program, paid off $1.4 billion of debt, and grown production by 3 percent, when adjusted for the impact of downtime and dispositions, while investing $4.9 billion in our capital programs. Our goal is to have strong resilience to low commodity prices through the cycles, with the ability to capture upside during periods of higher prices. We believe we are in a differential position to deliver strong performance for all our stockholders through a disciplined, returns-focused value proposition that is sustainable. The attached Notice of 2017 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement provide information on how to join the meeting online. These materials also describe the business to be conducted at the meeting. Our Board of Directors works collaboratively with management to establish ConocoPhillips’ value proposition and strategic priorities. Company strategy is discussed regularly at Board meetings and annually our directors participate in an intensive strategy session with management. Our directors are actively engaged, providing valuable oversight and guidance, which during the recent industry downturn enabled the Company to reset virtually every aspect of the business to improve our competitive position as an E&P company. Our Company’s Value Proposition In advance of our Annual Meeting, I want to take this opportunity to describe the changes we have undertaken as a Company in response to the significant downturn in oil prices that began in 2014. Over the past two years, our mindset has shifted fundamentally from running the business based on price expectations to embracing uncertainty. In a world of uncertain commodity prices, we know what wins: a low break-even price, a low cost of supply portfolio, capital flexibility and a strong balance sheet. These are characteristics that underpin the changes we’ve made in the business. Every Vote Is Important—Please Vote Right Away Your vote is very important to us and to our business. Prior to the meeting, I encourage you to sign and return your proxy card, use telephone or Internet voting, or visit the Annual Meeting website at www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting to register your vote. Instructions on how to vote begin on page 88. Since 2014, we’ve lowered our capital expenditures by more than 70 percent and significantly reduced our cost structure. We exited higher-cost areas of the business, shifted our capital to shorter-cycle investments and reduced our dividend. These changes were difficult, but allowed us to sustainably lower the Brent crude oil price at which we can fund both our capital program and our dividend with cash from operating activities. We also continued streamlining our portfolio, generating more than $3 billion of proceeds from non-core asset sales during the past two years. Our Brand The essence of the ConocoPhillips brand is “Accountability + Performance.” This guides not only what we do, but how we do it. Our SPIRIT Values— Safety, People, Integrity, Responsibility, Innovation and Teamwork— are part of our brand and a key component of our company culture. I invite you to participate in our Annual Meeting on May 16 to learn more about our brand, our values and our Company. With these actions behind us, we announced an updated value proposition in late 2016. We also laid out a strategy and plan that reflects the breadth of our transformation, while offering a bold alternative to many E&P company business models that focus on absolute grow th. We are managing the business for cash f low generation and have five clear cash f low allocation priorities. In order, these priorities are: invest enough cash to maintain flat Thank you for your support. Ryan M. Lance Chairman and Chief Executive Officer ConocoPhillips 2017 PROXY STATEMENT I
2017 Annual Meeting DATE: Tuesday, May 16, 2017 TIME: 9:00 a.m. (CDT) ONLINE AT: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/COP Record Date: March 20, 2017 We are excited to embrace the latest technology to provide ease of access, real-time communication and cost savings for our stockholders and the Company. Hosting a virtual meeting will facilitate stockholder attendance and participation by enabling stockholders to participate from any location around the world. Visit our Annual Meeting website: www.conocophillips.com/annualmeeting • Watch a special message for our stockholders from Ryan Lance, our Chairman and CEO. • Review and download this Proxy Statement and our 2016 Annual Report. • Submit questions in advance of the Annual Meeting. • Sign up for electronic delivery of future Annual Meeting materials to save money and reduce ConocoPhillips’ impact on the environment. Electronic Delivery of Proxy Statement and Annual Report Materials Questions and Answers (page 88) Stockholders of record and most beneficial owners can elect to view future proxy statements and annual reports over the Internet instead of receiving paper copies in the mail. If you own ConocoPhillips stock in your name, you can help us reduce paper consumption, production and mailing costs by choosing this option. Just follow the instructions on your proxy card or those provided when you vote by telephone or over the Internet. If you hold your ConocoPhillips stock through a bank, broker or other holder of record, please refer to the information provided by that entity for instructions on how to go green by electing to view future proxy statements and annual reports over the Internet. Please see the Questions and Answers section beginning on page 88 for important information about the proxy materials, voting, the Annual Meeting, Company documents, communications and the deadlines to submit stockholder proposals for the 2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders. ConocoPhillips 2017 PROXY STATEMENT II
Proxy Summary This summary highlights information contained elsewhere in this Proxy Statement. This summary does not contain all of the information that you should consider, and you should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. For more complete information regarding the Company’s 2016 performance, please review the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. Proposals Requiring Your Vote 1 2 3 4 5-6 Board Recommendation Election of 10 Directors For more information, see page 16. FOR Nominee Each Board Recommendation FOR Ratification of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm For more information, see page 24. Board Recommendation FOR Advisory Approval of the Compensation of the Company’s Named Executive Officers For more information, see page 28. Board expects to hold say-on-pay votes in accordance with the alt