sustainability. Now more than ever, companies trust Salesforce to help them connect with their customers in a whole new way. In fiscal 2022, the success of our customers drove our financial success as we delivered another record year,
while serving all of our stakeholders.
Over the past year, Salesforce has become more relevant and strategic to our stakeholders, and we couldn’t be more
optimistic about the future we can build together. Accordingly, we would like to invite you to attend the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders of Salesforce, Inc. on Thursday, June 9, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. This year,
building on the success of recent years, we are continuing to use a virtual meeting format for our annual meeting to provide a consistent experience to all stockholders regardless of location and to reduce the environmental impact of our meeting. We
will provide a live audio webcast of the annual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CRM2022.
At this year’s meeting, we will vote on the election of
directors, amendments and restatements of our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan and 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, and the ratification of the selection of Ernst & Young LLP as Salesforce’s independent registered public accounting firm.
We will also conduct a nonbinding advisory vote to approve the compensation of Salesforce’s named executive officers. If properly presented at the meeting, we will also consider two stockholder proposals as described in the Notice of 2022
Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement. Finally, we will transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting, and stockholders will have an opportunity to ask questions.
Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to participate in the annual meeting, please vote as soon as possible. You may vote over the Internet or, if you
requested printed copies of the proxy materials be mailed to you, by telephone or by mailing a completed proxy card or voting instruction form. Your vote by proxy will ensure your representation at the annual meeting regardless of whether you
participate in the meeting. Details regarding the annual meeting and the business to be conducted are described in the accompanying Notice of 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders and Proxy Statement.
Thank you for your trust and ongoing support of Salesforce.
Marc Benioff
Chair, Board of Directors
Co-Chief Executive
Officer
Bret Taylor
Vice Chair, Board of Directors
Co-Chief
Executive Officer
Table of Contents
Salesforce, Inc.
415 Mission Street
3rd Floor
San Francisco, California 94105
NOTICE OF 2022
ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
To be held Thursday, June 9, 2022
TO THE STOCKHOLDERS OF SALESFORCE, INC.:
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN that the 2022 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of Salesforce, Inc., a Delaware
corporation (“Salesforce”), will be held on Thursday, June 9, 2022 at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time .
This year’s
meeting is a virtual stockholder meeting conducted exclusively via a live audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/CRM2022.
The items of business are:
To elect Marc Benioff, Bret Taylor, Laura Alber, Craig Conway, Parker Harris, Alan Hassenfeld, Neelie Kroes, Oscar Munoz,
Sanford Robertson, John V. Roos, Robin Washington, Maynard Webb and Susan Wojcicki to serve as directors;
To amend and restate our 2013 Equity Incentive Plan to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance by
43.7 million shares;
To amend and restate our 2004 Employee Stock Purchase Plan to increase the number of shares reserved for issuance by
24 million shares;
To ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the
fiscal year ending January 31, 2023;
To approve, on an advisory basis, the fiscal 2022 compensation of our named executive officers; and
To consider and act upon two stockholder proposals described in the Proxy Statement, if properly presented at the meeting.
The foregoing items of business are more fully described in the Proxy Statement accompanying this
Notice. We also will transact any other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting. At this time we are not aware of any such additional matters.
Stockholders of record at the close of business on April 14, 2022 and their proxies are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote
at, the Annual Meeting as well as any and all adjournments, continuations or postponements thereof.
In the event of a technical
malfunction or other situation that the meeting chair determines may affect the ability of the Annual Meeting to satisfy the requirements for a meeting of stockholders to be held by means of remote communication under the Delaware General
Corporation Law, or that otherwise makes it advisable to adjourn the Annual Meeting, the meeting chair or secretary will convene the meeting at 9:00 a.m. Pacific Time on the date specified above and at the Company’s address specified above
solely for the purpose of adjourning the meeting to reconvene at a date, time and physical or virtual location announced by the meeting chair. Under either of the foregoing circumstances, we will post information regarding the announcement on the
Investors page of Salesforce’s website at https://investor.salesforce.com.
This Notice, the Notice of Internet Availability of
Proxy Materials, the Proxy Statement and the 2022 Annual Report are first being made available to stockholders on April 28, 2022.
By Order of the Board of Directors,
Sarah Dods
Secretary
Francisco, California
April 28, 2022
WHETHER OR NOT YOU EXPECT TO PARTICIPATE IN THE VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING, PLEASE VOTE AS PROMPTLY AS POSSIBLE IN ORDER TO ENSURE YOUR
REPRESENTATION AT THE ANNUAL MEETING. YOU MAY VOTE ONLINE OR, IF YOU REQUESTED PRINTED COPIES OF THE PROXY MATERIALS, BY TELEPHONE OR BY USING THE PROXY CARD OR VOTING INSTRUCTION FORM PROVIDED WITH THE PRINTED PROXY MATERIALS.
Table of Contents
PROXY STATEMENT FOR 2022
ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
TABLE OF CONTENTS
About the Annual Meeting
Who is soliciting my vote?
When and where will the Annual Meeting take place?
Why are you holding a virtual Annual Meeting?
Where can I access the proxy materials?
How many votes do I have?
What will I be voting on?
How do I vote in advance of the virtual Annual Meeting?
How do I participate in the virtual Annual Meeting?
Fiscal Year 2022 in Review
Business Overview
Financial Highlights
Corporate Responsibility
Stockholder Engagement
Board and Governance Overview
Directors and Corporate Governance
Board and Governance Highlights
Board Members
Board Independence
Board Leadership Structure
Corporate Governance Practices
Board Meeting Attendance and Director Communications
Board Committees and Responsibilities
Board’s Role in Risk Oversight
Compensation of Directors
Director Stock Ownership Requirement
ESG at Salesforce
Environment
Social
Governance