sustainability matters. Our oversight is informed by feedback and engagements with stakeholders, including stockholders.
Chevron demonstrates its consistent, transparent reporting practices through the publication of detailed reports on various aspects of its sustainability-related performance. In 2023, Chevron published its Approach to Tax and Transparency report, which provides insight into the Company’s tax matters, including its key principles, robust governance framework, and stakeholder engagement. In addition, Chevron’s 2023 Climate Change Resilience Report details the actions the Company is taking to help advance a lower carbon future, including through its governance, risk management, strategy, portfolio, performance, and metrics. The Company engages with stakeholders to gain insights on our reporting. In 2023, I enjoyed the opportunity to participate and hear from investors in both the spring and the fall.
These actions are all designed to help us deliver superior stockholder value. In keeping with that goal, in January your Board approved an 8% dividend increase, and we continue to support a robust share repurchase plan.
On behalf of your Board of Directors, I thank you for the trust and confidence you place in us.
Sincerely,
Wanda M. Austin
Lead Director
Chevron Corporation 2024 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
table of contents
proxy statement
items of business
election of directors (item 1 on the proxy card)
director election requirements
director qualifications and nomination processes
board composition
nominees for director
director orientation and education
vote required
your board’s recommendation
director compensation
2023 non-employee director compensation
corporate governance
overview
role of the board of directors
corporate governance guidelines
board leadership structure
independent lead director
director independence
board committees
board and committee meetings and attendance
board and committee evaluations
board oversight of strategy
higher returns, lower carbon
human capital management
board oversight of risk
sustainability oversight
environmental issues
cybersecurity
year-round stockholder engagement
our responsiveness to stockholders
board nominating and governance committee report
management compensation committee report