sustainability policies and strategies, which include initiatives to address challenges like energy availability and security, raw material scarcity, human health, and environmental
safety, education and development.
Finance: CEO
of Fortune 500 company. More than three decades of financial responsibility and experience at 3M Company.
Global Business / International Affairs: Chairman, CEO, and President of Fortune 500 company with extensive international operations. At 3M Company, served
as EVP for International Operations and Managing Director, 3M Russia. Member of the International Business Council of the World Economic Forum. Serves on the President’s Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations.
Science / Technology / Engineering: Has served in a variety
of senior management and executive positions at 3M Company, requiring expertise in engineering and technology. 3M is a diversified technology company.
Chevron Corporation—2017 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
John S.
Watson
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Chevron Corporation
Age: 60
Director Since: April 2009
Independent: No
Chevron Committees:
• None
Current Public Company Directorships:
• None
Prior Public Company Directorships
(within last five years):
• None
Other Directorships and Memberships:
• American Petroleum Institute
• American Society of Corporate Executives
• The Business Council
• Business Roundtable
• National Petroleum Council
• University of California Davis Chancellor’s Board of
Advisors
Mr. Watson has been Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Chevron since 2010. He was Vice Chairman in 2009 and Executive Vice President of Strategy and Development from 2008 until 2009. From 2005 until 2008,
Mr. Watson was President of Chevron International Exploration and Production Company, and from 2001 until 2005, he was Chief Financial Officer. In 1998, he was named Vice President with responsibility for strategic planning and mergers and
acquisitions. Mr. Watson joined Chevron in 1980.
Skills and Qualifications
Business Leadership / Operations: Seven years of service as CEO of Chevron. As Vice Chairman, responsible for business development, mergers and
acquisitions, strategic planning, corporate compliance, policy, government and public affairs. More than three decades of experience in senior management and executive positions at Chevron.
Environmental Affairs: As CEO of Chevron, oversees all
aspects of Chevron’s environmental policies and strategies. Oversaw development of Chevron’s four environmental principles (include the environment in decision making; reduce environmental footprint; operate responsibly; steward sites),
Operational Excellence Management System (a standardized approach for achieving outstanding environmental performance), and Environmental, Social and Health Impact Assessment process for capital projects within Chevron’s operational control.
Finance: CEO of Fortune 500 company. Three
decades of financial responsibility and experience at Chevron. Served as CFO. Led Chevron’s integration effort following its successful acquisition of Texaco Inc.
Global Business / International Affairs: CEO of Fortune 500
company with extensive international operations. Served as EVP of Strategy and Development, and President of Chevron International Exploration and Production Company.
Government / Regulatory / Public Policy: More than three
decades of experience in highly regulated industry. As CEO of Chevron, oversees all aspects of Chevron’s government, regulatory, and public policy affairs.
Chevron Corporation—2017 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Michael K.
Wirth
Vice Chairman and Executive Vice President, Chevron Corporation
Age: 56
Director Since: February 2017
Independent: No
Chevron Committees:
• None
Current Public Company Directorships:
• None
Prior Public Company Directorships
(within last five years):
• None
Other Directorships and Memberships:
• Dean’s Engineering Advisory Committee, University of
Colorado
Mr. Wirth has been Vice Chairman of Chevron since February 2017 and Executive Vice President of Midstream and Development since 2016, with responsibility for supply and trading, and Chevron’s midstream
operating units engaged in transportation and power, as well as corporate strategy; business development; and policy, government and public affairs. He served as Executive Vice President of Downstream and Chemicals from 2006 to 2015. From 2003 until
2006, Mr. Wirth was President of Global Supply and Trading, responsible for leading Chevron’s worldwide supply and trading operations as well as its aviation, marine and asphalt businesses. Mr. Wirth joined Chevron in 1982.
Skills and Qualifications
Business Leadership / Operations: Ten years of service as Executive Vice President of Chevron. More than three decades of experience in senior management and
executive positions at Chevron.
Environmental Affairs: As Executive Vice President of Chevron, oversees all aspects of Midstream’s environmental policies and strategies. Oversaw environmental policies and strategies of Chevron’s Downstream and Chemicals.
Global Business / International Affairs: Executive Vice
President of Fortune 500 company with extensive international operations. Former President of Marketing for Chevron’s Asia/Middle East/Africa marketing business based in Singapore, and former director of Caltex Australia Ltd. and GS Caltex in
South Korea.
Government / Regulatory / Public Policy: More than three decades of experience in highly regulated industry. As Executive Vice President of Chevron, responsible for Chevron’s government, regulatory, and public policy affairs.
Science / Technology / Engineering: Bachelor’s degree
in Chemical Engineering from the University of Colorado. More than three decades of experience at Chevron having joined as a design engineer and advancing through a number of engineering, construction, and operation roles.
Vote Required
Each Director nominee who receives a majority of the votes cast (i.e., the number of shares voted FOR a Director nominee must exceed the number of shares
voted AGAINST that Director nominee, excluding abstentions) will be elected a Director, in an uncontested election. Any shares not voted (whether by abstention or otherwise) will have no impact on the elections. If you are a street name stockholder
and do not vote your shares, your bank, broker, or other holder of record cannot vote your shares at its discretion in these elections.
If the
number of Director nominees exceeds the number of Directors to be elected—a circumstance we do not anticipate—the Directors shall be elected by a plurality of the shares present in person or by proxy at the Annual Meeting, or any
adjournment or postponement thereof, and entitled to vote on the election of Directors.
Your Board’s
Recommendation
Your Board recommends that you vote FOR the 12 Director nominees named in this Proxy Statement.
Chevron Corporation—2017 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Director Compensation
Overview
Our compensation for non-employee Directors is designed to be competitive with other large, global energy
companies and other large, capital-intensive, international companies; to link rewards to business results and stockholder returns; and to align stockholder and Director interests through increased Director ownership of Chevron common stock. We do
not have a retirement plan for non-employee Directors. Our executive officers are not paid additional compensation for service as a Director.
Board Nominating and Governance Committee evaluates and recommends to the non-employee Directors of the Board the compensation for non-employee Directors, and the non-employee Directors of the Board set the compensation. Our executive officers have
no role in determining the amount or form of non-employee Director compensation. The Committee may retain the services of an independent compensation consultant to assist the Committee with its work.
In 2016, the Com