sustainability, research and development, product integrity,
innovation, and procurement.
Chevron Corporation—2016 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Linnet F. Deily
Former Deputy U.S.
Trade Representative and U.S. Ambassador to the World Trade Organization
Age: 70
Director Since: January 2006
Independent: Yes
Chevron Committees:
• Board Nominating and Governance
• Public Policy (Chair)
Current Public Company Directorships:
• Honeywell International Inc.
Prior Public Company Directorships
(within last five years):
• None
Other Directorships and Memberships:
• Episcopal Health Foundation (Chair)
• Houston Endowment, Inc.
• Houston Museum of Fine Arts
• Houston Zoo (Vice Chair)
• University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center Board of
Visitors
Ms. Deily
served as Deputy U.S. Trade Representative and U.S. Ambassador to the World Trade Organization (WTO) from 2001 until 2005. She was Vice Chairman of Charles Schwab Corporation, a brokerage and financial services company, from 2000 until 2001,
President of Schwab Retail Group from 1998 until 2000, and President of Schwab Institutional Services for Investment Managers from 1996 until 1998. Prior to joining Schwab, Ms. Deily was Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President from 1990
until 1996 and President and Chief Operating Officer from 1988 until 1990 of First Interstate Bank of Texas.
Skills and Qualifications
Business Leadership / Operations: Former Vice Chairman, Charles Schwab; President, Schwab Retail Group; and President, Schwab Institutional Services for Investment Managers. Former Chairman, CEO, President, and COO, First Interstate Bank of Texas.
Environmental Affairs: As Deputy U.S. Trade Representative and U.S. Ambassador to the WTO, oversaw negotiation of various environmental issues.
Finance: More than 20
years of experience in the banking and financial services industry.
Global Business / International Affairs: Served as Deputy U.S. Trade Representative and U.S. Ambassador to the WTO. Current and former director of
companies with international operations.
Government /
Regulatory / Public Policy: More than 20 years of experience in the highly regulated banking and financial services industry. Served as Deputy U.S. Trade Representative and U.S. Ambassador to
the WTO.
Robert E. Denham
Partner, Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP
Age: 70
Director Since: April
2004
Independent: Yes
Chevron Committees:
• Audit – audit committee financial expert
• Management Compensation
Current Public Company Directorships:
• Fomento Económico Mexicano, S.A. de C.V.
• The New York Times Company
• Oaktree Capital Group, LLC
Prior Public Company Directorships
(within last five years):
• UGL Limited
• Wesco Financial Corporation
Other Directorships and Memberships:
• Good Samaritan Hospital of Los Angeles (Vice Chair)
• James Irvine Foundation
• MDRC
• New Village Girls Academy
• Professional Ethics Executive Committee of the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants (Public Member)
Mr. Denham has been a Partner of Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP, a law firm, since 1998 and from 1973 until 1991. He was Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Salomon Inc, a financial services holding company,
from 1992 until 1998. Mr. Denham joined Salomon in 1991, as General Counsel of Salomon and its subsidiary, Salomon Brothers.
Skills and Qualifications
Business Leadership / Operations: Served six years as CEO of Salomon Inc, whose principal businesses included investment banking and securities trading (Salomon Brothers), commodities trading (Phibro), and oil refining (Basis Petroleum).
Environmental Affairs:
Former Trustee of Natural Resources Defense Council, an international environmental nonprofit organization that works to protect the world’s natural resources. Former Chairman of the John D. and
Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation, which funds environmental and sustainable development programs. Unique experience with environmental issues by representing buyers and sellers in complex mergers and acquisitions.
Finance: Former CEO
of global financial services company. Served as Chairman and President of the Financial Accounting Foundation. Has represented numerous buyers and sellers in complex mergers and acquisitions and financing transactions.
Government / Regulatory / Public Policy: Serves as a public member of the Professional Ethics Executive Committee of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Served as presidential appointee to the APEC Business Advisory Council and the
Bipartisan Commission on Entitlement and Tax Reform.
Legal: Partner of
Munger, Tolles & Olson LLP. Extensive experience with mergers and acquisitions and strategic, financial, and corporate governance issues. Law degree from Harvard Law School.
Chevron Corporation—2016 Proxy
Statement
Table of Contents
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Alice P. Gast
President, Imperial College London
Age: 57
Director Since: December 2012
Independent: Yes
Chevron Committees:
• Audit
Current Public Company Directorships:
• None
Prior Public Company Directorships
(within last five years):
• None
Other Directorships and Memberships:
• Science Envoy to the Caucasus and Central Asia appointed by the
U.S. Department of State
• King Abdullah University of Science
and Technology in Thuwal, Saudi Arabia
• Global Science and
Innovation Advisory Council to the Prime Minister of Malaysia
• The New York Academy of Sciences
Dr. Gast has been President of Imperial College London, a public research university specializing in science, engineering, medicine, and business,
since 2014. She was President of Lehigh University, a private research university, from 2006 until 2014 and Vice President for Research, Associate Provost, and Robert T. Haslam Chair in Chemical Engineering at Massachusetts Institute of Technology
from 2001 until 2006. Dr. Gast was professor of chemical engineering at Stanford University and the Stanford Synchrotron Radiation Laboratory from 1985 until 2001.
Skills and Qualifications
Environmental Affairs: At Imperial College London, oversees
environmental institutes and centers. At Lehigh University, presided over the establishment of STEPS, an initiative on science, technology, environment, policy, and society, and oversaw the university’s Environmental Advisory Group and
emergency and crisis management planning, which included preparedness for environmental emergencies. Expertise in chemical and biological terrorism issues gained through service on several governmental committees.
Finance: Ten years of service as president of leading
educational institutions, with ultimate responsibility for finance, fundraising, and endowment management.
Global Business / International Affairs: Appointed as a U.S. Science Envoy by the U.S. Department of State to advise on ways to foster and deepen relationships
with the Caucasus and Central Asia. Appointed to the Singapore Ministry of Education’s Academic Research Council and to the Board of Trustees for the King Abdullah University of Science and Technology in Saudi Arabia. Serves on the Council on
Competitiveness and on the Global Science and Innovation Advisory Council to the Prime Minister of Malaysia.
Government / Regulatory / Public Policy: Served on the Homeland Security Science and Technology Advisory Committee. Chaired the scientific review committee
empaneled by the National Research Council at the request of the FBI to conduct an independent review of the investigatory methods used by the FBI in the criminal case involving the mailing of anthrax spores.
Research / Academia: More than three decades of service in
academia and research at leading educational institutions.
Science / Technology /
Engineering: M.A. and Ph.D. in chemical engineering from Princeton University. Former Vice President for Research, Associate Provost, and Robert T. Haslam Chair in Chemical Engineering at Massachusetts
Institute of Technology and professor of chemical engineering at Stanford University and the Stanford Synchrotron