climate change.
Our approach is informed by your feedback. We engage year-round on key issues, including the energy transition. In 2022, Jon Huntsman and I personally met with many of our large investors, and our full Board had the opportunity to meet with stakeholders and employees at operations in the Eastern Mediterranean.
Our commitment to transparency remains strong. In October, Chevron released its first Methane Report, building on existing climate change-related reporting. Chevron embraces the challenge of developing and implementing best practices to reduce emissions and sharing what’s working with others who join in our climate goals.
Chevron’s objective is to safely deliver higher returns and lower carbon, and superior stockholder value in any business environment, and we are delivering. In January, your Board declared a per-share quarterly dividend increase, putting Chevron on track to make 2023 the 36th consecutive year with an increase in annual dividend payout per share. We also authorized a new $75 billion share repurchase program (with no expiration date) to enable the Company to repurchase shares through the cycle.
Chevron’s By-Laws call for a strong independent Lead Director to ensure your independent Directors exercise rigorous oversight. I’m dedicated to that mandate as I succeed Dr. Ronald D. Sugar as Lead Director, and I thank him for a sure-handed transition and 18 years of strong leadership.
On behalf of your Board of Directors, I thank you for your trust and support.
Sincerely,
Wanda M. Austin
Lead Director
Chevron Corporation 2023 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
table of contents
proxy statement
items of business
election of directors (item 1 on the proxy card)
director election requirements
director qualifications and nomination processes
board composition
nominees for director
director orientation and education
vote required
your board’s recommendation
director compensation
2022 non-employee director compensation
corporate governance
overview
role of the board of directors
corporate governance guidelines
board leadership structure
independent lead director
director independence
board committees
board and committee meetings and attendance
board and committee evaluations
board oversight of strategy
higher returns, lower carbon
human capital management
board oversight of risk
sustainability overview
environmental issues
cybersecurity
year-round stockholder engagement
our responsiveness to stockholders
board nominating and governance committee report
management compensation committee report