Climate Change Resilience Report released last month lays out our perspective, strategy, actions and policy positions for a
lower-carbon future. We are dedicated to leading the industry on transparent carbon emissions reporting, providing data and facts so stakeholders can see our progress toward the ambitions of the Paris Agreement. Having already exceeded our 2023
metrics, we now expect to achieve a 35 percent carbon intensity reduction by 2028 from 2016. We have also committed to zero routine flaring by 2030. In May 2021, we will release our Corporate Sustainability Report that further details our
environmental, social, and governance priorities.
We believe investing in our people and our culture is essential for success. Our human capital
management objectives are focused on hiring, developing and retaining critical talent, while fostering a culture that values diversity and inclusion and employee engagement. We believe innovative solutions to the most complex challenges emerge when
diverse people, ideas, and experiences come together in an inclusive environment.
We take pride in providing the affordable, reliable, ever-cleaner
energy that billions of people rely on every day. As the world emerges from a year of unprecedented challenges, we intend to continue to demonstrate Chevron’s consistent, prepared, and adaptive strengths as we move into the future.
We appreciate your investment in Chevron.
Sincerely,
Michael K. Wirth
Chairman and CEO
Ronald D. Sugar
Lead Director
Chevron Corporation
6001 Bollinger Canyon Road,
San Ramon, CA 94583
Table of Contents
table of contents
proxy statement
virtual annual meeting
items of business
election of directors (item 1 on the proxy card)
director election requirements
director qualifications and nomination processes
nominees for director
vote required
your board’s recommendation
director compensation
overview
non-employee director
compensation
expenses and charitable matching gift program
compensation during the fiscal year ended december 31, 2020
corporate governance
overview
role of the board of directors
board leadership structure
independent lead director
human capital management
board oversight of strategy
board oversight of risk
board oversight of sustainability
board oversight of environmental issues
director independence
board committees
board and committee meetings and attendance
board and committee evaluations
corporate governance guidelines
business conduct and ethics code
hedging, pledging, and other transactions
environmental, social, and governance engagement
our response to stockholders
chevron’s approach to the energy transition
communicating with the board
related person transactions
board nominating and governance committee report
management compensation committee report