sustainability initiatives. We shared feedback received during these meetings with our Nominating & Governance Committee and Compensation Committee, informing their decision-making.
Board of Directors
Below is an overview of each of the director nominees you are being asked to elect at the 2019 Annual Meeting.
NAME
DIRECTOR
SINCE
PRINCIPAL PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
COMMITTEE
MEMBERSHIPS
OTHER
PUBLIC
COMPANY
BOARDS
Donald J. Ehrlich*
Lead Independent Director
1985
Former President and CEO, Schwab Corp.
A, C (Chair)
Linda Hefner Filler*
2005
Former President of Retail Products, Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Merchandising Officer, Walgreen Co.
N (Chair), S
Thomas P. Joyce, Jr.
2014
President and Chief Executive Officer,
Danaher Corporation
F, E, S
Teri List-Stoll*
2011
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gap Inc.
Walter G. Lohr, Jr.*
1983
Retired partner, Hogan Lovells
C, F, N
Mitchell P. Rales
1983
Chairman of the Executive Committee, Danaher Corporation
F (Chair),
E (Chair)
Steven M. Rales
1983
Chairman of the Board, Danaher Corporation
F, E, S
John T. Schwieters*
2003
Principal, Perseus TDC
A (Chair), N
Alan G. Spoon*
1999
Consultant, Polaris Partners; Former Managing General Partner, Polaris Partners
Raymond C. Stevens, Ph.D.*
2017
Provost Professor of Biological Sciences and Chemistry, and Director of The Bridge Institute,
at the University of
Southern California
Elias A. Zerhouni, M.D.*
2009
Former President, Global Research & Development,
Sanofi S.A.
S (Chair), N
= Independent director
= Audit Committee
= Compensation Committee
= Executive Committee
= Finance Committee
= Nominating & Governance Committee
= Science & Technology Committee
iv DANAHER 2019 PROXY STATEMENT
Table of Contents
Sustainability
Following the spin-off of Danaher’s Fortive Corporation business in 2016, Danaher conducted
a full sustainability materiality assessment, which included gathering input from dozens of stakeholders, benchmarking our program against our peers, prioritizing our focus areas and developing a clear framework to guide our future efforts. As a
result of this effort , three key pillars now underpin Danaher’s sustainability program, reflecting what we believe are the most critical areas where our strategy and sustainability goals intersect:
Innovation . This pillar addresses the direct contributions Danaher makes each day to advancing health and
safety around the world. Danaher’s products and services help fight disease, protect water and air quality, and improve access to healthcare in underserved areas. Danaher’s research and development spending as a percentage of sales
was 6.2% in 2018 and as of the end of 2018 Danaher held approximately 14,000 patents worldwide, underscoring our commitment to innovation.
People . This pillar focuses on our most valuable resource for delivering these world-changing, often
life-saving innovations—our people. Our programs and initiatives that advance our associates’ safety, professional ambitions and personal growth, and strengthen the communities in which we live and work, demonstrate our commitment to
those who truly define our company. In 2018, 92% of our employees participated in our annual engagement survey, and on a year-over-year basis Danaher’s scores improved in each of the 53 survey areas. Reflecting our continued commitment to
diversity and inclusion, we’ve trained more than 3,000 managers globally on how to build inclusive and diverse teams and leaders, and in 2018 for the fifth year in a row the Human Rights Campaign named Danaher one of the “Best Places to
Work for LGBTQ Equality.”
Environment . This pillar encompasses how we work to increase the use of sustainable materials and energy
sources and reduce our carbon footprint. Our goal here is to establish Company-wide standards where it makes sense, while providing our operating companies with the flexibility to pursue environmental sustainability in ways that best fit the
needs of their stakeholders. In 2018, Danaher deployed the first environmental sustainability tools in the Danaher Business System (DBS) toolkit, focused on reducing energy use and waste generation.
At the Board level, Danaher’s Nominating and Governance Committee has the authority and
responsibility to consider matters regarding sustainability and social responsibility , as set forth in the committee’s charter. At the management level, Danaher’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel, who reports directly to our
CEO, has general oversight responsibility with respect to matters of sustainability and social responsibility, and is responsible for reviewing and approving Danaher’s sustainability reports.
More information about Danaher’s sustainability efforts is included in our latest Sustainability Report, available at
https://sustainability.danaher.com/.
DANAHER 2019 PROXY STATEMENT
Table of Contents
Executive Compensation Highlights
Overview of Executive Compensation Program
As discussed in detail under “