sustainability initiatives.
We shared feedback received during these meetings with our Nominating and Governance Committee and Compensation Committee, informing their decision-making.
Board of Directors
Below is an overview of each of the director nominees you are being asked to elect at the 2020 Annual Meeting.
NAME
DIRECTOR
SINCE
PRINCIPAL PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
COMMITTEE
MEMBERSHIPS
OTHER
PUBLIC
COMPANY
BOARDS
Linda Hefner Filler*
2005
Former President of Retail Products, Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Merchandising Officer, Walgreen Co.
N (Chair), S
Thomas P. Joyce, Jr.
2014
President and Chief Executive Officer, Danaher Corporation
E, F, S
Teri List-Stoll*
2011
Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, Gap Inc.
A, C
Walter G. Lohr, Jr.*
1983
Retired partner, Hogan Lovells
A, C, F, N
Jessica L. Mega, MD, MPH*
2019
Chief Medical and Scientific Officer, Verily Life Sciences LLC
Mitchell P. Rales
1983
Chairman of the Executive Committee, Danaher Corporation
E (Chair),
F (Chair)
Steven M. Rales
1983
Chairman of the Board, Danaher Corporation
E, F, S
Pardis C. Sabeti, MD, D.Phil*
2019
Investigator, Howard Hughes Medical Institute
John T. Schwieters*
2003
Principal, Perseus TDC
A (Chair), N
Alan G. Spoon*
1999
Consultant, Polaris Partners; Former Managing General Partner, Polaris Partners
C (Chair-elect)
Raymond C. Stevens, PhD*
2017
Provost Professor of Biological Sciences and Chemistry, and Director of The Bridge Institute, at the University of Southern California; Chief Executive Officer, ShouTi
Elias A. Zerhouni, MD*
2009
Former President, Global Research & Development, Sanofi S.A.
N, S (Chair)
= Independent director
= Audit Committee
= Compensation Committee
= Executive Committee
= Finance Committee
= Nominating & Governance Committee
= Science & Technology Committee
DANAHER 2020 PROXY STATEMENT
Table of Contents
Sustainability
Based on a materiality assessment that identified the intersection of Danaher’s key strategic and sustainability goals, our
sustainability program is structured around three pillars: innovation, people and the environment. These three pillars are underpinned by a foundation of integrity, compliance and sound governance. We drive company-wide sustainability initiatives
where it makes sense to harness Danaher’s scale, while leveraging the power of our decentralized operating structure by giving our operating companies discretion to pursue sustainability in ways that best fit the needs of their particular
stakeholders.
Innovation . At the heart of our sustainability efforts is innovation with purpose. In the spirit of our Core
Value, Innovation Defines Our Future , our teams work to expand access to healthcare in underserved areas, improve safety and protect precious natural resources. Danaher spent $1.1 billion on research and development in 2019 and as of the
end of 2019 held approximately 7,700 patents worldwide, underscoring our commitment to innovation.
People . Our People pillar focuses on our most valuable resource—and flows from our Core Value, The
Best Team Wins . Our programs and initiatives that advance our associates’ safety, professional ambitions and personal growth, and strengthen the communities in which we live and work, demonstrate our commitment to those who truly define our
company. For example, we have established five North American Associate Resource Groups (African Descent, Asian Descent, Latinx, LGBTQ and Women), which are sponsored networks for associates of diverse groups to come together, share their
experiences and receive support and mentorship. In 2019, 92% of our employees participated in our annual engagement survey, and Danaher’s scores improved on a year-over-year basis in every survey area. Third parties have also recognized our
progress, as Danaher was featured on the Forbes 2019 Best Employers for Diversity list, and in 2019 for the sixth year in a row the Human Rights Campaign named Danaher one of the Best Places to Work for LGBTQ Equality .
Environment . We are committed to reducing the environmental impact of our operations and products, and helping
our customers do the same. In Danaher’s 2019 Sustainability Report, we reported for the first time on a company-wide basis metrics relating to energy usage, greenhouse gas emissions, water usage, waste generation and recycling. In 2018, we
began leveraging the power of the Danaher Business System (“DBS”) to mitigate the environmental impact of our operations by deploying our first DBS environmental sustainability tools, focused on reducing energy use and waste.
At the Board level, Danaher’s Nominating and Governance Committee oversees
sustainability and social responsibility, and this responsibility is set forth in the committee’s charter. At the management level, Danaher’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel, who reports directly to our CEO, has
general oversight responsibility with respect to matters of sustainability and social responsibility, and is responsible for reviewing and approving Danaher’s sustainability reports.
More information about Danaher’s sustainability efforts is included in our latest Sustainability Report,
available at https://sustainability.danaher.com.
iv DANAHER 2020 PROXY STATEMENT
Table of Contents
Executive Compensation Highlights
Overview of Executive Compensation Program
As discussed in detail under “