climate change program.
Consistent with our most recent discussions and correspondence with our stockholders, EOG will provide the following disclosures as part of an update to our website disclosures in 2016:
EOG’s 2015 methane emissions intensity rate — this new quantitative measure will show EOG’s methane-specific fugitive emissions
associated with our operated wells for 2015 relative to our total company production of oil and gas for 2015, based on the greenhouse gas emissions EOG currently reports pursuant to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s greenhouse gas
reporting program;
an update regarding EOG’s design and implementation of a formal, voluntary leak detection and repair (“LDAR”) program — our LDAR
program will include the use of infrared cameras and other thermal imaging technology; and
an update regarding our efforts to minimize emissions at our facilities, including the installation of low-bleed controllers and no-bleed controllers.
We expect to provide these and other updates to our website disclosures by the end of the second quarter of
2016.
Codes of Conduct and Ethics and Corporate Governance Guidelines
Pursuant to NYSE and SEC rules, we have adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (“Code of Conduct”) that applies to all of
our directors, officers and employees, and a Code of Ethics for Senior Financial Officers (“Code of Ethics”) that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer and controllers.
You can access our Code of Conduct and Code of Ethics on our website at www.eogresources.com/about/corpgov.html, and any
stockholder who so requests may obtain a copy of our Code of Conduct or Code of Ethics by submitting a written request to our Corporate Secretary. We intend to disclose any amendments to our Code of Conduct or Code of Ethics and any waivers with
respect to our Code of Conduct or Code of Ethics granted to our principal executive officer, our principal financial officer, our principal
Table of Contents
accounting officer, any of our controllers or any of our other employees performing similar functions on our website at www.eogresources.com within four business days after the amendment or
waiver. In such case, the disclosure regarding the amendment or waiver will remain available on our website for at least 12 months after the initial disclosure. There have been no waivers granted with respect to our Code of Conduct or our Code of
Ethics to any such officers or employees.
Moreover, we have adopted, pursuant to NYSE rules, Corporate Governance Guidelines,
which may be accessed on our website at www.eogresources.com/about/corpgov.html. Any stockholder may obtain a copy of our Corporate Governance Guidelines by submitting a written request to our Corporate Secretary.
Table of Contents
REPORT OF THE AUDIT COMMITTEE
In connection with the fiscal year 2015 audited financial statements of EOG Resources, Inc. (“EOG”), the Audit Committee of the
Board of Directors of EOG (1) reviewed and discussed the audited financial statements with EOG’s management; (2) discussed with EOG’s independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board (“PCAOB”) Auditing Standard No. 16, “Communications with Audit Committees,” and Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X, Rule 2-07; (3) received the written disclosures and the letter from the
independent auditors required by the applicable requirements of the PCAOB regarding the independent auditors’ communications with the Audit Committee concerning independence; (4) discussed with the independent auditors the independent
auditors’ independence; and (5) considered whether the provision of non-audit services by EOG’s principal auditors is compatible with maintaining auditor independence.
Based upon these reviews and discussions, the Audit Committee has recommended to the Board of Directors, and the Board of Directors has
approved, that the audited financial statements for fiscal year 2015 be included in EOG’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2015 for filing with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Janet F. Clark, Chairperson
Charles R. Crisp
James C. Day
H. Leighton Steward
Donald F. Textor
Frank G. Wisner
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE REPORT
The Compensation Committee has reviewed and discussed with management the