Sustainability is core to the firm’s purpose, and at Investor Day David
spoke about the importance of corporations focusing on the bottom line, but doing so sustainably and responsibly. Sustainability is also increasingly important to our clients, and in December 2019 the firm announced a new $750 billion sustainable
finance target over the next ten years across
Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders | Goldman
Sachs iii
Table of Contents
LETTER FROM OUR LEAD DIRECTOR
the areas of climate transition and inclusive growth. Our Board wholeheartedly endorses this mindset, and sustainability-related considerations are a regular part of our
Board and Committee discussions, whether it be climate risk considerations, updates from the firm’s new Sustainable Finance Group, discussion of our aspirational diversity goals and broader talent strategy or the impact we make on our
communities through Corporate Engagement programs.
In closing, I want to confirm that our Board strongly believes that, to most effectively carry out our duties,
our composition must reflect an appropriate diversity—broadly defined—of demographics, viewpoints, experiences and expertise. We believe our Board has significantly benefitted from the enhanced diversity we have achieved through our most
recently added independent directors—Ellen Kullman, Drew Faust and Jan Tighe. Ongoing review of our Board’s composition is an item that will always be top of mind and on our agenda, and we remain committed to ensuring that our Board has an
appropriate mix and balance of skills and experiences. To this end, we are actively engaged in an ongoing search for new directors, focused on candidates who will add to the diversity of our Board.
On behalf of our Board, I want to thank you for your ongoing support of both our Board and the firm. We are cognizant of the challenges and uncertainty posed by the
spread of coronavirus, or COVID-19, for the firm, our people, our shareholders, our clients and other stakeholders, and our Board remains diligent and focused on its work. We value your investment and our ongoing engagement, which is invaluable to
me and informs the work of our entire Board. Stay safe and healthy, and I look forward to continuing our dialogue in the year to come.
Adebayo O. Ogunlesi
Lead Director
iv Goldman
Sachs | Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Table of Contents
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY—2020 ANNUAL MEETING INFORMATION
Executive Summary
This summary highlights information from our Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting. You should read the entire Proxy Statement carefully before voting. Please
refer to our glossary in Frequently Asked Questions on page
79 for definitions of some of the terms and acronyms we use.
2020 Annual Meeting
Information
DATE AND TIME
8:30 a.m., New York time
Thursday, April 30, 2020
ACCESS*
Our Annual Meeting can be accessed virtually
via the Internet at:
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GS2020.
To participate (e.g., submit questions and/or vote), you
will need the control number provided on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice. If you are not a shareholder or do not have a control number, you may still access the meeting as a guest, but you will not be able to
participate.
RECORD DATE
March 2, 2020
In light of the coronavirus, or COVID-19, outbreak, for the safety of all of our people, including
our shareholders, and taking into account recent federal, state and local guidance that has been issued, we have determined that the 2020 Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual meeting format only, via the Internet, with no physical in-person
meeting. At our virtual Annual Meeting, shareholders will be able to attend, vote and submit questions by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/GS2020 . Whether or not you plan to
attend the Annual Meeting, we urge you to vote and submit your proxy in advance of the meeting by one of the methods described in these proxy materials. Additional information can also be found at
www.gs.com/proxymaterials .
Matters to be Voted on at our 2020 Annual Meeting
BOARD
RECOMMENDATION
PAGE
Item 1. Election of Directors
FOR each director
Other Management Proposals
Item 2. An Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation (Say on Pay)
Item
3. Ratification of PwC as our Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm for 2020
Shareholder Proposals
Item
4. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Right to Act by Written Consent
Requests that the Board undertake steps to permit shareholder action without a
meeting
by written consent
AGAINST
Item
5. Shareholder Proposal Regarding Board Oversight of the “Statement on the Purpose
of a Corporation”
Requests that the Board provide oversight and
guidance as to the firm’s implementation of the
“Statement on the Purpose of a Corporation” signed by our Chairman and CEO
AGAINST
Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders | Goldman
Sachs 1
Table of Contents
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY—STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
Strategy and Performance Highlights
We encourage you to read the following Strategy and Performance Highlights as background to this Proxy Statement.
2019 Highlights
2019 was the first full year for our Executive Leadership Team (our CEO, COO and CFO) in their new roles. Under their leadership, the firm developed a
long-term growth strategy that is founded on a new operating approach for the firm.
DEVELOPMENT & EXECUTION OF LONG-TERM GROWTH STRATEGY Grow and Strengthen Existing Businesses Higher Wallet Share
Diversify our Products and Services More Durable Earnings Operate More Efficiently Higher Margins and Returns IMPLEMENTATION OF NEW OPERATING APPROACH Client-Centric Organizational Structure Delivering One Goldman Sachs Longer Term Operating Focus
Multi-year financial planning process Investing for Growth Improving existing businesses and building new businesses Enhanced Accountability Transparency and performance targets
These initiatives also enabled the firm to announce the following financial targets at our first-ever
Investor Day in January 2020:
MEDIUM-TERM (3-YEAR) FINANCIAL TARGETS (a)
ROE / ROTE
Efficiency Ratio
CET1 Ratio
>13% / >14%
~60%
13-13.5%
New business growth positions
Goldman Sachs to generate mid-teens
or higher
returns over longer-term (next 5+ years)
(a) These targets should be viewed in the
context of a normalized operating environment.
2 Goldman
Sachs | Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Table of Contents
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY—STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
2019 Key Financial Performance Highlights—Consistent, Solid Net Revenue Performance
We achieved 2019 net revenues of approximately $36.5 billion, essentially unchanged from 2018, demonstrating revenue durability and the
continued strength of our franchise following strong year-over-year growth in 2018.
Net Revenues ($bn)
2013 2014 2015 2016 2017
2018 2019 $34.4 $34.6 $34.1 $30.8 $32.7 $36.6 $36.5 2013-2017 Avg. $33.3
Our results reflect our 2019 litigation expense and our investments for growth (a) , which together reduced our 2019 ROE in excess of 200 basis points:
10.0%
10.6%
ROTE (b)
Efficiency Ratio
5.4%
BVPS Growth
Year-Over-Year
$10.6bn
Pre-Tax Earnings
$21.03
40.5%
1-Year TSR
13.3%
Standardized CET1
Capital Ratio
Includes our investments in our digital platform, Marcus by Goldman Sachs , our credit card
activities and our transaction banking activities.
For a reconciliation of this non-GAAP measure to the
corresponding GAAP measure (ROE), please see Annex A: Calculation of Non-GAAP Measures.
The continued strength of our franchise, as well as the development and initial execution of our long-term growth strategy, is reflected
in our strong 1-year TSR.
Proxy Statement for the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders | Goldman
Sachs 3
Table of Contents
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY—STRATEGY AND PERFORMANCE HIGHLIGHTS
Key Business Highlights
INVESTMENT BANKING
GLOBAL MARKETS
Net Revenues: $7.6bn
Net Revenues: $14.8bn
#1 in M&A and
Equity Und