human capital-intensive business, compensation and benefits represents our largest expense item. We have been committed to managing this expense diligently over time to protect returns for our
shareholders, while still focusing on the recruiting and retention of our people, our greatest asset.
Key expense management initiatives include growing our offices in high value and strategic locations, investing in technology and increasing the relative proportion of our junior staff. At the same time, we continue to
appropriately invest in our employees so that we can serve our clients, generate long-term value for our shareholders and contribute to the broader public.
2015 vs 2012
>900 basis points
Decline in Average Compensation Ratio 2009-2015 vs 2000-2007
11% Total Headcount
-2% Compensation & Benefits Expense
4 Goldman Sachs | Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Table of Contents
Executive Summary | Compensation Highlights
Compensation Highlights (see Compensation Matters
beginning on page 33 )
We provide highlights of our compensation program below. It is important that you review our CD&A and compensation-related tables for a complete understanding of our
compensation program.
2015 Annual NEO Compensation
Decisions
The following table summarizes our Compensation Committee’s 2015 annual compensation decisions for our NEOs. The LTIP awards
granted to our NEOs (discussed on pages 44-45 ) are not part of annual compensation and are not included in this table because no amounts are earned until the end of the relevant performance period.
Name and Principal
Position
Salary/Fixed
Allowance
Annual Variable Compensation
Total
Cash
RSUs
PSUs
Lloyd C. Blankfein
$2.0
$6.3
$7.35
$23.0
Chairman and CEO
Gary D. Cohn
$1.85
$5.75
$6.7
$21.0
President and COO
Harvey M. Schwartz
$1.85
$5.75
$6.7
$21.0
Executive Vice President and CFO
Michael S. Sherwood
$1.85/$11.15*
$8.0
$21.0
Vice Chairman
Mark Schwartz
$1.85
$4.85
$11.31
$18.0
Vice Chairman
Note : Dollar amounts shown in millions.
For 2015, Mr. Sherwood, who is based in the U.K., received a cash salary of $1.85 million and a fixed allowance of $11.15 million, payable partially in cash and partially in equity-based awards. This fixed
allowance was provided as a result of applicable U.K. regulatory guidance. See page 42 for more details.
Compensation Committee Rationale for 2015 NEO Compensation
Amounts
Our Committee determined that each NEO’s total annual 2015 compensation should be reduced by approximately
4-5% compared to 2014.
¢ The
Committee made its determinations in the context of our Compensation Principles, which encompass a pay for performance philosophy (see page 39 for more detail).
¢ In making its determination, key factors considered by the Committee included our:
» Financial
results, which, while solid (both on an absolute and relative basis), reflected the challenges of a mixed operating environment resulting from macroeconomic uncertainty, market volatility and increased costs related to expanded regulatory
requirements;
» Leading position in both equity and M&A league tables and improved
positioning in debt underwriting league tables;
» Achievements in our investment management business, including record annual net revenues and record assets under supervision;
» Strong year-over-year improvement in our Equities business, which largely offset
the year-over-year decline in FICC;
» Emphasis on key operating parameters and management of our balance sheet, operating and capital efficiency, liquidity and overall risk profile; and
» Leading
global brand and continued commitment to high quality client service.
¢ Each
NEO’s individual performance, including his focus on risk management and the firm’s safety and soundness, was also taken into account.
¢ The
Committee also discussed the RMBS Working Group Settlement and related historical considerations as part of this process.
Goldman
Sachs | Proxy Statement for 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 5
Table of Contents
Executive Summary | Compensation Highlights
Key Elements of
2015 Executive Compensation Program
¢ Continued Emphasis on Shareholder Engagement with 97% Say on Pay Support at 2015 Annual Meeting. Our Compensation Committee
believes this vote indicates support for our program, including the enhancements made in the prior year (see box at right).
Policies and Practices that Require Significant and Long-Term Ownership of our Common Stock and a Continual Focus on our Long-Term Performance.
» 70% or more of 2015 annual variable compensation was
awarded to each of our NEOs in equity-based awards.
» Shares underlying RSUs are “Shares at Risk”:
– Shares generally are delivered over a three-year period
following the RSU grant.
– Five-year transfer
restrictions (from RSU grant date) apply to all or substantially all Shares at Risk that are delivered to NEOs after applicable tax withholding.
Prior Year Enhancements
Introduced PSUs for CEO, COO and CFO
Formalized clawback
policy
Expanded Sarbanes-Oxley Clawback to all Senior Executives (our CEO, COO, CFO and Vice Chairmen)
Adopted Stock
Ownership Guidelines
Reduced Compensation Committee discretion in LTIP awards
Established expectation of eight-year performance period for LTIP awards
» Shares at Risk
remain subject to our Stock Ownership Guidelines, as well as contractual retention requirements, even after transfer restrictions no longer apply.
» Clawback provisions can result in forfeiture or recapture of
equity-based awards and underlying Shares at Risk.
» Executive officers are prohibited from hedging any shares, and
are further prohibited from pledging equity-based awards and any shares of Common Stock subject to transfer restrictions.
– None of our executive officers has shares of Common Stock subject to a pledge.
PSUs Tied to Specific Pre-Established Performance Metrics Awarded to CEO, COO and CFO. These PSUs represent one-half of annual equity-based variable compensation for these executives
and will be earned and settled in cash based on the firm’s average “ROE” over 2016-2018 (see page 43 for additional information).
» Our Compensation Committee determined to award PSUs
specifically to our CEO, COO and CFO because they have ultimate responsibility for firmwide performance and are uniquely positioned to drive our strategic plan.
Longer-Term Alignment through LTIP Awards.
» LTIP awards have an expected eight-year performance period (except in limited circumstances). Payout thresholds are therefore more aspirational than those used for our PSU awards.
» Payout is based on average “ROE” and average
change in BVPS over the performance period (see pages 44-45 for additional information). These metrics continue to be important risk-based indicators of our operating performance
and our ability to generate shareholder value.
» In January
2016, we granted LTIP awards to each of our NEOs with initial notional values as follows: $7.0 million (Mr. Blankfein); $6.7 million (Messrs. Cohn, Harvey Schwartz and Sherwood); and $4.0 million (Mr. Mark Schwartz). The structure, terms and
metrics of these LTIP awards are consistent with prior LTIP awards.
¢ Priority on Risk Management and Sound Compensation Practices.
Our Compensation Committee considers our firm’s safety and soundness in making all executive compensation determinations. Together with our Risk Committee, the Compensation Committee meets annually with our CRO to discuss his risk-related
assessment of our compensation program. In order to help ensure that our compensation practices are sound, we have no guaranteed incentive payments or other severance or “golden parachute” payments for executive officers.
6 Goldman Sachs | Proxy Statement for the 2016 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Table of Contents
Executive Summary | Corporate Governance Highlights
Corporate Governance Highlights (see Corporate Governance beginning on page 11 )
Key Facts About our Board
We strive to maintain a well-rounded and diverse Board that balances both finan