ESG Matters. In Fiscal 2020, we continued our environmental, social and governance engagement outreach to our institutional shareholders. Feedback from those engagements, combined with the Company’s commitment to governance best practices, continues to drive action. Changes in Fiscal 2020 included enhanced disclosure of the racial, ethnic and gender diversity of our U.S. workforce, incorporating disclosure aligned with SASB and TCFD frameworks in our annual Responsibility Report, expanded disclosure of our government relations activity and related oversight, and amendments to our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee charter to specifically address oversight of environmental, social and governance matters and Company political activity. We have also committed to disclosing the gender, ethnic and racial composition of our U.S. workforce from our consolidated EEO-1 report, starting in 2021. Diversity, equity and inclusion have long been a priority for us, and we took a number of additional
Table of Contents
steps in 2020 to further our efforts, including enhancing our Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, expanding our support for community organizations that promote diversity, equity and inclusion, and requiring unconscious bias training for all associates. Going forward, we have identified several priorities designed to guide our efforts to enhance diversity, equity and inclusion, which we discuss in our 2020 Form 10-K.
Continually Evaluating Our Board. Over the last several years, the Board has actively focused on refreshment to align its strengths with the evolving retail landscape. This focus has led to the addition of six new directors in the past seven years. Collectively, these directors provide additional skills in the areas of e-commerce, IT and cybersecurity, strategic management, and customer experience, skill sets that are especially valuable as we implement our One Home Depot strategy and look toward future growth. The Board continues to assess its composition to ensure that it collectively has the skills needed to support strategic planning and provide effective oversight.
Underpinning all of these actions is a long-term commitment to our shareholders, which in turn is embodied in our business investment and shareholder return principles. Following these principles, we were able to return over $7 billion to our shareholders in Fiscal 2020 through dividends and share repurchases.
We hope you will be able to join us for our virtual 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Thursday, May 20, 2021. You will find information about the Meeting, including the matters to be voted on, in the enclosed Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement. The Meeting will also include a report on the Company’s performance and operations and a question and answer session. While we had hoped to return to an in-person Annual Meeting in 2021, due to continuing COVID-19 concerns, we have decided to hold the meeting virtually again this year. On behalf of our approximately 500,000 associates and our Board, we thank you for your support of The Home Depot.
Sincerely,
Craig A. Menear Gregory D. Brenneman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Independent Lead Director
Table of Contents
T HE H OME D EPOT , I NC .
2455 Paces Ferry Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30339
N OTICE OF 2021 A NNUAL M EETING OF S HAREHOLDERS
DATE:
Thursday, May 20, 2021
TIME:
9:00 a.m., Eastern Time
PLACE:
To support the health and well-being of our shareholders and associates, this year’s Meeting will be held virtually via a live audio webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2021. We are not holding an in-person meeting this year.
ITEMS OF BUSINESS:
(1) To elect as directors of the Company the 12 persons named in the accompanying Proxy Statement for terms expiring at the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders;
(2) To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 30, 2022;
(3) To cast an advisory vote to approve executive compensation (“Say-on-Pay”);
(4) To act on three shareholder proposals described in the Proxy Statement, if properly presented; and
(5) To transact any other business properly brought before the Meeting.
WHO MAY VOTE:
Shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 22, 2021 are entitled to vote.
ANNUAL MEETING MATERIALS:
A copy of this Proxy Statement and our 2020 Annual Report are available on our Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com under “Financial Reports.”
DATE OF MAILING:
A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or this Proxy Statement is first being sent to shareholders on or about April 5, 2021.
The enclosed Proxy Statement contains important information, including a description of the business that will be acted upon at the Meeting.
Attending the Virtual Meeting : Shareholders may attend the Meeting online, examine the list of shareholders, vote their shares electronically, and submit questions during the Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2021 and entering the 16-digit control number included in their proxy card, the Notice of Internet Availability, or the voting information form provided by their bank or broker. Online access to the Meeting will begin at 8:45 a.m., Eastern Time. If you encounter difficulties accessing the virtual Meeting, please call the technical support number that will be posted at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2021. Prior to the Meeting, shareholders can vote at www.proxyvote.com using their 16-digit control number or by the other methods described in this Proxy Statement. Shareholders may also submit questions in advance of the Meeting via www.proxyvote.com.
For more information about our virtual Meeting, please see “About the 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders” beginning on page 6 7 of this Proxy Statement .
By Order of the Board of Directors,
Teresa Wynn Roseborough
Corporate Secretary
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
Table of Contents
T ABLE OF C ONTENTS
THE HOME DEPOT 2021 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors
Board Leadership
Attendance at Board, Committee and Annual Shareholder Meetings
Committees of the Board of Directors
Company Culture: Doing the Right Thing
Board Role in Strategic Planning
Board Oversight of Risk
Commitment to ESG Matters
Shareholder Outreach and Engagement
Governance Best Practices
Director Independence
Related-Party Transactions
Selecting Nominees to the Board of Directors
Director Candidates Recommended by Shareholders
Communicating with the Board
ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Director Criteria and Qualifications
Board Refreshment and Diversity
2021 Director Nominees
ITEM 2: