corporate social responsibility issues. We ask
the company to again demonstrate leadership in diversity by committing to EEO disclosure.
The Home Depot 2017 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
R ESPONSE TO P ROPOSAL R EGARDING
E MPLOYMENT D IVERSITY R EPORT
The Board recommends that you vote against this shareholder proposal .
Shareholders of the Company have consistently rejected this proposal at prior annual meetings. One of the Company’s core values is Respect for All People, and we strive to foster a culture that encourages, supports, leverages and values
diversity and inclusion. As discussed in more detail in our 2016 Responsibility Report, which can be found on our website at https://corporate.homedepot.com/responsibility, we are committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive environment for our
associates. Our overall human resources strategy is to attract, retain and develop diverse talent, which ensures that the composition of our customers and our communities are reflected and represented in our Company. Our commitment to diversity is
reflected in the makeup of our senior leadership team and our Board of Directors. We have also taken a number of steps to align our diversity initiatives within our strategic framework, including the following:
We use an employment marketing strategy that enables us to source and recruit diverse associates through such avenues as national and local career fairs, social
media, and multilingual ads and flyers.
We maintain a diversity microsite on The Home Depot careers website, available at careers.homedepot.com > Our Culture > Diversity, which provides potential
candidates with insight into our diversity initiatives as well as a unique perspective into our diverse and inclusive culture and workforce.
We partner with several diverse local and national organizations, such as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), National Urban
League, Hispanic Association on Corporate Responsibility and the National Association of Chinese Americans, to promote community involvement and both attract and retain diverse talent.
Our internal communication strategy includes diversity and inclusion messaging focused on increasing cultural awareness and reiterating the importance of
diversity and inclusion as core values. This includes focused communications in our stores and featured articles on our internal website showcasing associate accomplishments and opportunities for growth and development.
We engage our associates through our seven Associate Resource Groups (“ARGs”). The ARGs consist of teams of associates focusing on various aspects of
diversity who are committed to supporting the Company’s business objectives and driving associate engagement through professional development, cultural awareness and community outreach. Our current ARGs are organized around the following
groups: African-American, Disabled, Hispanic/Latino, LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgendered), Military, Pan-Asian and Women.
In addition to our ARGs, we develop our leaders’ capabilities through our Women in Leadership program, which is available to both our female and male
associates. This program focuses on providing key leadership skills, business acumen and access to resources to support career development.
Our diversity and inclusion training includes videos for all Company leaders that reinforce our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce.
We provide a dedicated hotline to promote the anonymous reporting of concerns regarding conduct that violates the Company’s Business Code of Conduct and
Ethics.
We maintain a team of associates led by our Chief Diversity Officer that provides focused leadership in developing a diverse
and inclusive work environment in which all associates are valued, respected, encouraged and supported to do their best work. The Board does not believe adoption of this proposal would enhance its commitment to equal opportunity in any meaningful
way. Several of the items requested by the proponent are duplicative of matters discussed in our 2016 Responsibility Report, and the requested report would divert Company resources without providing real value to the Company or its shareholders.
WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU
VOTE “AGAINST” THE ADOPTION OF
THIS SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL.
The Home Depot 2017 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
S HAREHOLDER P ROPOSAL R EGARDING
A DVISORY V OTE ON P OLITICAL C ONTRIBUTIONS
(ITEM 6 ON THE PROXY CARD)
The Northstar Asset Management, Inc. Funded Pension Plan, located at P.O. Box 301840, Boston, Massachusetts 02130, is the beneficial owner of more
than $2,000 in shares of the Company’s common stock and has notified the Company of its intention to present the following proposal at the Meeting. The Company is not responsible for the accuracy or content of the proposal, which is presented
as received from the proponent in accordance with SEC rules.
Say on Political Contributions
Whereas:
The Supreme Court ruling in Citizens United v.
Federal Election Commission interpreted the First Amendment right of freedom of speech to include certain corporate political expenditures involving “electioneering communications,” resulting in greater public and shareholder concern
about corporate political spending;
Shareholders believe Home Depot should minimize risk to the firm’s reputation regarding possible future
missteps in corporate political contributions, including HD PAC contributions;
Our website and policies indicate that environmental protection and
diversity are high priorities for our Company;
Shareholders appreciate Home Depot’s efforts to strengthen internal oversight of political
contributions, however analysis of 2015-2016 political contributions indicate misaligned contributions, including:
Sen. Richard Burr , who co-sponsored amending the Constitution to define “traditional marriage”;
Rep. Tom Emmer , who equated equal marriage to bestiality and said he would not sign anti-bullying legislation to promote safe schools because “I
don’t want the government doing that for us”;
Sen. Pat Toomey , who has been described by the League of Conservation Voters as “one of big polluters’ best allies in Congress,” and as
having advocated “for the rich and powerful through his defense of billions in tax breaks for Big Oil polluters”;
Reps. Darrell Issa and Scott Tipton, Sens. Marco Rubio, Mike Crapo, John Shimkus, Chuck Grassley, Johnny Isakson, who have made public statements
disavowing the reality of climate change;
Shareholders also recognize that conflicting issues may exist in the decision-making
process of which political candidates to support, and are concerned that these decisions may be beyond the scope of Company management to determine. Accordingly, due to risks to shareholder value that may come from political missteps, shareholders
should have the opportunity to weigh in on the annual plan of political contributions including the PAC.
Resolved: Shareholders recommend that
the Board of Directors adopt a policy under which the proxy statement for each annual meeting will contain a proposal on political contributions describing:
the Company’s and HD PAC policies on electioneering and political contributions and communications,
any political contributions known to be anticipated during the forthcoming fiscal year,
management’s analysis of the congruency with company values and policies of the company’s and HD PAC’s policies on electioneering and political
contributions and communications, and of the resultant expenditures for the prior year and the forthcoming year, and an explanation of the rationale for any contributions found incongruent;
management’s analysis of any resultant risks to our company’s brand, reputation, or shareholder value;
and providing an advisory shareholder vote on those policies and future plans.
Supporting Statement: “Expenditures for electioneering communications” means spending directly, or through a third party, at any time during the year, on prin