environmental, social and governance engagement program with our institutional shareholders. After taking into account feedback from those engagements, combined with the Company’s commitment to governance best practices, the Board approved several changes. In late 2018, we enhanced our disclosure of our Company’s diversity, providing statistics on our website about the ethnic and gender diversity of our U.S. workforce. This disclosure will become part of our annual Responsibility Report going forward. In February 2019, we reduced the percentage of outstanding shares required to call a special meeting of shareholders from 25% to 15% and updated our executive compensation clawback policy to specifically include conduct that causes significant reputational harm to the Company.
Underpinning all of these actions is a commitment to our shareholders, which is in turn embodied in the shareholder return principles that we have consistently outlined for our investor community. By following these principles, we were able to return value to our shareholders in fiscal 2018 through a 16% increase in our quarterly dividend and $10.0 billion in share repurchases.
We hope you will be able to join us at our 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Thursday, May 23, 2019 . You will find information about the Meeting, including the matters to be voted on at the Meeting, in the enclosed Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement. The Meeting will also include a report on the Company’s performance and operations and a question and answer session. On behalf of our over 400,000 associates and our Board, we thank you for your support of The Home Depot.
Sincerely,
Craig A. Menear
Gregory D. Brenneman
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Independent Lead Director
Table of Contents
T HE H OME D EPOT , I NC .
2455 Paces Ferry Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30339
N OTICE OF 2019 A NNUAL M EETING OF S HAREHOLDERS
DATE:
Thursday, May 23, 2019
TIME:
9:00 a.m., Eastern Time
PLACE:
Cobb Galleria Centre – **NEW LOCATION**
Two Galleria Parkway
Atlanta, Georgia 30339
ITEMS OF BUSINESS:
To elect as directors of the Company the 12 persons named in the accompanying Proxy Statement for terms expiring at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders;
To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending February 2, 2020;
To cast an advisory vote to approve executive compensation (“Say-on-Pay”);
To act on three shareholder proposals described in the Proxy Statement, if properly presented; and
To transact any other business properly brought before the Meeting.
WHO MAY VOTE:
Shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 25, 2019 are entitled to vote.
ANNUAL MEETING MATERIALS:
A copy of this Proxy Statement and our 2018 Annual Report are available on our Investor Relations website at http://ir.homedepot.com under “Financial Reports.”
DATE OF MAILING:
A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or this Proxy Statement is first being sent to shareholders on or about April 8, 2019.
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION:
The enclosed Proxy Statement contains important information, including a description of the business that will be acted upon at the Meeting, voting procedures, and documentation required to attend the Meeting. If you will need special assistance or seating, please contact Allison Spicer at (770) 384-2015.
If you are unable to attend the Meeting, you can listen to the Meeting and view the presentation on the Company’s performance through the live webcast on the Internet. Visit our Investor Relations website at http://ir.homedepot.com and click on “Events and Presentations” for details. The webcast will be archived and available for replay beginning shortly after the meeting.
By Order of the Board of Directors,
Teresa Wynn Roseborough
Corporate Secretary
Table of Contents
T ABLE OF C ONTENTS
THE HOME DEPOT 2019 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors
Board Leadership
Committees of the Board of Directors
Attendance at Board, Committee and Annual Shareholder Meetings
Board Role in Strategic Planning
Board Oversight of Risk
Company Culture: Doing the Right Thing
Shareholder Outreach and Engagement
Governance Best Practices
Director Independence
Related-Party Transactions
Selecting Nominees to the Board of Directors
Director Candidates Recommended by Shareholders
Communicating with the Board
ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Director Criteria and Qualifications
Board Refreshment and Diversity
2019 Director Nominees
ITEM 2: