environmental, social and governance engagement program with our institutional shareholders in Fiscal 2018, and that program continued in Fiscal 2019 . Feedback from those engagements, combined with the Company’s commitment to governance best practices, led to a number of changes that the Board approved in Fiscal 2018 and 2019. These changes include enhanced disclosure of the ethnic and gender diversity of our U.S. workforce, a reduction in the percentage of outstanding shares required to call a special meeting of shareholders from 25% to 15%, an updated executive compensation clawback policy that specifically includes conduct that causes significant reputational harm to the Company, and a change to the Company’s overboarding policy that reduces the number of outside public company boards on which our directors can serve.
Underpinning all of these actions is a commitment to our shareholders, which is in turn embodied in the shareholder return principles that we have consistently outlined for our investor community. By following these principles, we were able to return $ 13.0 billion to our shareholders in Fiscal 2019 through dividends and share repurchases.
We hope you will be able to join us for our 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Thursday, May 21, 2020 . You will find information about the Meeting, including the matters to be voted on at the Meeting, in the enclosed Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement. The Meeting will also include a report on the Company’s performance and operations and a question and answer session. As noted in the Notice of Meeting and Proxy Statement, while we hope that we can hold the Meeting in person, in light of COVID-19 concerns, we are prepared to do so online if it is prudent based on conditions at that time. On behalf of our over 400,000 associates and our Board, we thank you for your support of The Home Depot.
Sincerely,
Craig A. Menear
Gregory D. Brenneman
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President
Independent Lead Director
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
Table of Contents
T HE H OME D EPOT , I NC .
2455 Paces Ferry Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30339
N OTICE OF 2020 A NNUAL M EETING OF S HAREHOLDERS
DATE:
Thursday, May 21, 2020
TIME:
9:00 a.m., Eastern Time
PLACE:*
Cobb Galleria Centre, Two Galleria Parkway, Atlanta, Georgia 30339
ITEMS OF BUSINESS:
To elect as directors of the Company the 12 persons named in the accompanying Proxy Statement for terms expiring at the 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders;
To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2021;
To cast an advisory vote to approve executive compensation (“Say-on-Pay”);
To act on four shareholder proposals described in the Proxy Statement, if properly presented; and
To transact any other business properly brought before the Meeting.
WHO MAY VOTE:
Shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 23, 2020 are entitled to vote.
ANNUAL MEETING MATERIALS:
A copy of this Proxy Statement and our 2019 Annual Report are available on our Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com under “Financial Reports.”
DATE OF MAILING:
A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or this Proxy Statement is first being sent to shareholders on or about April 6, 2020.
The enclosed Proxy Statement contains important information, including a description of the business that will be acted upon at the Meeting, voting procedures, and documentation required to attend the Meeting. If you will need special assistance or seating, please contact Allison Spicer at (770) 384-2015.
If you are unable to attend the Meeting, you can listen to the Meeting and view the presentation on the Company’s performance through the live webcast on the Internet. Visit our Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com and click on “Events and Presentations” for details. The webcast will be archived and available for replay beginning shortly after the Meeting.
*As part of our precautions regarding the novel coronavirus COVID-19, we are planning for the possibility that the Meeting may be held solely by means of remote communication. If we take this step, we will announce the decision to do so in advance on our Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com/shareholder-services/annual-meeting, and details on how to participate, vote, and examine the list of shareholders as of the record date will be issued by press release, posted at that location on our website, and filed with the SEC as additional proxy material. You will need the 16-digit control number found on your proxy card, the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, or the voting information form provided by your bank or broker, to participate, vote or view the shareholder list at the Meeting if we take this step. Please monitor our Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com/shareholder-services/annual-meeting for updated information. If you are planning to attend our Meeting, please check the website one week prior to the Meeting date.
By Order of the Board of Directors,
Teresa Wynn Roseborough
Corporate Secretary
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
Table of Contents
T ABLE OF C ONTENTS
THE HOME DEPOT 2020 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors
Board Leadership
Committees of the Board of Directors
Attendance at Board, Committee and Annual Shareholder Meetings
Board Role in Strategic Planning
Board Oversight of Risk
Company Culture: Doing the Right Thing
Shareholder Outreach and Engagement
Governance Best Practices
Director Independence
Related-Party Transactions
Selecting Nominees to the Board of Directors
Director Candidates Recommended by Shareholders
Communicating with the Board
ITEM 1: ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Director Criteria and Qualifications
Board Refreshment and Diversity
2020 Director Nominees
ITEM 2: