diversity, equity and inclusion to make sure that our associates have access to the resources they need to succeed at work.
Our Focus on ESG. In Fiscal 2021, we continued our environmental, social, and governance engagement outreach to our institutional shareholders. Feedback from those engagements, combined with our commitment to governance best practices, continues to drive action. Changes in Fiscal 2021 included disclosure of the gender, ethnic and racial composition of our U.S. workforce from our consolidated EEO-1 report, the announcement of new climate-related goals, and continued enhancements to our disclosures regarding our government relations and political activity in our 2021 ESG Report. Our NCG Committee receives regular reports on our ESG operational initiatives and our engagement with shareholders on ESG matters.
Driving Long-Term Shareholder Value. Underpinning all of these actions is a long-term commitment to our shareholders, which is embodied in our business investment and capital allocation principles. Following these principles, we were able to return approximately $22 billion to our shareholders in Fiscal 2021 through dividends and share repurchases.
We hope you will be able to join us for our virtual 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Thursday, May 19, 2022. You will find information about the Meeting, including the matters to be voted on, in the enclosed Notice
Table of Contents
of 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement. The Meeting will also include a report on the Company’s performance and operations and a question and answer session. While we had hoped to return to an in-person Meeting this year, we are once again holding the meeting virtually due to the continuing challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic.
On behalf of our approximately 500,000 associates and our Board, we thank you for your support of The Home Depot.
Sincerely,
Craig A. Menear Gregory D. Brenneman
Chair of the Board Independent Lead Director
Table of Contents
T HE H OME D EPOT , I NC .
2455 Paces Ferry Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30339
N OTICE OF 2022 A NNUAL M EETING OF S HAREHOLDERS
DATE:
Thursday, May 19, 2022
TIME:
9:00 a.m., Eastern Time
PLACE:
To support the health and well-being of our shareholders and associates, this year’s Meeting will be held virtually via a live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2022. We are not holding an in-person meeting this year.
ITEMS OF BUSINESS: (1) To elect as directors of the Company the 14 persons named in the accompanying Proxy Statement for terms expiring at the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders;
(2) To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 29, 2023;
(3) To cast an advisory vote to approve executive compensation (“Say-on-Pay”);
(4) To approve the Company’s Omnibus Stock Incentive Plan, as Amended and Restated May 19, 2022;
(5) To act on six shareholder proposals described in the Proxy Statement, if properly presented; and
(6) To transact any other business properly brought before the Meeting.
WHO MAY VOTE:
Shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 21, 2022 are entitled to vote.
ANNUAL MEETING MATERIALS:
A copy of this Proxy Statement and our 2021 Annual Report are available on our Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com under “Financial Reports.”
DATE OF MAILING:
A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or this Proxy Statement is first being sent to shareholders on or about April 4, 2022.
This Proxy Statement contains important information, including a description of the business that will be acted upon at the Meeting.
Attending the Virtual Meeting: Shareholders may attend the Meeting online, examine the list of shareholders, vote their shares electronically, and submit questions during the Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2022 and entering the 16-digit control number included in their proxy card, the Notice of Internet Availability, or the voting information form provided by their bank or broker. Online access to the Meeting will begin at 8:45 a.m., Eastern Time. If you encounter difficulties accessing the virtual Meeting, please call the technical support number that will be posted at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2022. Prior to the Meeting, shareholders can vote at www.proxyvote.com using their 16-digit control number or by the other methods described in this Proxy Statement. Shareholders may also submit questions in advance of the Meeting via www.proxyvote.com.
For more information about our virtual Meeting, please see “About the 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders” beginning on page 85 of this Proxy Statement .
By Order of the Board of Directors,
Teresa Wynn Roseborough
Corporate Secretary
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
Table of Contents
T ABLE OF C ONTENTS
THE HOME DEPOT 2022 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors
Board Leadership
Attendance at Board, Committee and Annual Shareholder Meetings
Committees of the Board of Directors
Company Culture: Doing the Right Thing
Board Role in Strategic Planning
Board Oversight of Risk
Commitment to ESG Matters
Shareholder Outreach and Engagement
Governance Best Practices
Director Independence
Related Person Transactions
Selecting Nominees to the Board of Directors
Director Candidates Recommended by Shareholders
Communicating with the Board
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Director Criteria and Qualifications
Board Refreshment and Diversity
2022 Director Nominees