diversity, equity and inclusion to make sure that we offer an environment that allows us to attract and retain the best associates. Responding to feedback from our engagement with investors, we enhanced our disclosure by providing pay equity disclosures for our U.S. workforce in our 2022 ESG Report.
Managing Leadership Changes. In Fiscal 2022, the Board oversaw the transition of leadership from Craig Menear, our CEO since 2014, to Edward (Ted) Decker, our current Chair, President and CEO, with Mr. Menear retiring as Chair in September 2022. The Board is extremely grateful to Mr. Menear for his many years of dedicated service to the Company. Mr. Decker, who had been with the Company for more than two decades, is supported in his new role by a broadly skilled and diverse Board. The Board continually assesses its composition to ensure that it has the skills and diversity needed to provide effective oversight and support strategic planning.
Focus on the Customer. In Fiscal 2022, we continued to see strong home improvement demand, while navigating inflationary pressures, a tight labor market, and global supply chain disruptions. We believe our focus on the customer experience and investments in our people, infrastructure, stores, digital platforms and fulfillment options enabled us to deliver strong performance despite challenging macroeconomic trends. The Board’s engagement with management helped to shape our investment priorities, enriched our ability to anticipate the needs of our customers, and informed strategic investments across our business.
Driving Long-Term Shareholder Value. Underpinning all of these actions is a long-term commitment to our shareholders, which is embodied in our business investment and capital allocation principles. In Fiscal 2022, we returned over $14 billion to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Please join us for our virtual 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Thursday, May 18, 2023. The enclosed Notice of 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement provides information about the Meeting, including the matters on which you will be asked to vote. The Meeting will also include a report on the Company’s performance and operations and a question and answer session. Thank you for your support of The Home Depot.
Sincerely,
Edward P. Decker Gregory D. Brenneman
Chair, President and Chief Executive Officer Independent Lead Director
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
Table of Contents
T HE H OME D EPOT , I NC .
2455 Paces Ferry Road
Atlanta, Georgia 30339
N OTICE OF 2023 A NNUAL M EETING OF S HAREHOLDERS
DATE:
Thursday, May 18, 2023
TIME:
9:00 a.m., Eastern Time
PLACE:
This year’s Meeting will be held virtually via a live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2023. We are not holding an in-person meeting this year.
ITEMS OF BUSINESS: (1) To elect as directors of the Company the 13 persons named in the accompanying Proxy Statement for terms expiring at the 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders;
(2) To ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending January 28, 2024;
(3) To cast an advisory vote to approve executive compensation (“Say-on-Pay”);
(4) To cast an advisory vote on the frequency of future Say-on-Pay votes;
(5) To act on five shareholder proposals described in the Proxy Statement, if properly presented; and
(6) To transact any other business properly brought before the Meeting.
WHO MAY VOTE:
Shareholders of record as of the close of business on March 20, 2023 are entitled to vote.
ANNUAL MEETING MATERIALS:
A copy of this Proxy Statement and our 2022 Annual Report are available on our Investor Relations website at https://ir.homedepot.com under “Financial Reports.”
DATE OF MAILING:
A Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials or this Proxy Statement is first being sent to shareholders on or about April 3, 2023.
This Proxy Statement contains important information, including a description of the business that will be acted upon at the Meeting.
Attending the Virtual Meeting: Shareholders may attend the Meeting online, vote their shares electronically, and submit questions during the Meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2023 and entering the 16-digit control number included in their proxy card, the Notice of Internet Availability, or the voting information form provided by their bank or broker. Online access to the Meeting will begin at 8:45 a.m., Eastern Time. If you encounter difficulties accessing the virtual Meeting, please call the technical support number that will be posted at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/HD2023. Prior to the Meeting, shareholders can vote at www.proxyvote.com using their 16-digit control number or by the other methods described in this Proxy Statement. Shareholders may also submit questions in advance of the Meeting via www.proxyvote.com.
For more information about our virtual Meeting, please see “About the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders” beginning on page 83 of this Proxy Statement .
By Order of the Board of Directors,
Teresa Wynn Roseborough
Corporate Secretary
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
Table of Contents
T ABLE OF C ONTENTS
THE HOME DEPOT 2023 PROXY STATEMENT SUMMARY
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Board of Directors
Board Leadership
Attendance at Board, Committee and Annual Shareholder Meetings
Committees of the Board of Directors
Company Culture: Doing the Right Thing
Board Role in Strategic Planning
Board Oversight of Risk
Commitment to ESG Matters
Shareholder Outreach and Engagement
Governance Best Practices
Director Independence
Related Person Transactions
Selecting Nominees to the Board of Directors
Director Candidates Recommended by Shareholders
Communicating with the Board
ELECTION OF DIRECTORS
Director Criteria and Qualifications
Board Refreshment and Diversity
2023 Director Nominees