corporate social responsibility issues. We ask the company to again demonstrate leadership in diversity by
committing to EEO disclosure.
The Home Depot 2016 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
R ESPONSE TO P ROPOSAL R EGARDING
E MPLOYMENT D IVERSITY R EPORT
The Board recommends that you vote against this shareholder proposal .
Shareholders of the Company have rejected this proposal at thirteen previous annual meetings. One of the Company’s core values is Respect for All People, and we strive to foster a culture that encourages, supports, leverages and values
diversity and inclusion. We are committed to maintaining a diverse and inclusive environment for our associates. Our overall human resources strategy is to attract, retain and develop diverse talent, which ensures that the composition of our
customers and our communities are reflected and represented in our Company. Our commitment to diversity is reflected in the makeup of our senior leadership team and our Board of Directors. We have also taken a number of steps to align our diversity
initiatives within our strategic framework, including the following:
We use an employment marketing strategy that enables us to source and recruit diverse associates through such avenues as national and local career fairs, social
media, and multilingual ads and flyers.
We maintain a diversity microsite on The Home Depot careers website, available at careers.homedepot.com > Our Culture > Diversity, which provides potential
candidates with insight into our diversity initiatives as well as a unique perspective into our diverse and inclusive culture and workforce.
We partner with several diverse national organizations, such as the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP), National Urban League,
Hispanic Association on Corporate Responsibility and the National Association of Chinese Americans, to promote community involvement and both attract and retain diverse talent.
Our internal communication strategy includes diversity and inclusion messaging focused on increasing cultural awareness and reiterating the importance of
diversity and inclusion as core values. This includes focused communications in our stores and featured articles on our internal website showcasing associate accomplishments and opportunities for growth and development.
We engage our associates through our seven Associate Resource Groups (“ARGs”). The ARGs consist of teams of associates focusing on various aspects of
diversity who are committed to supporting the Company’s business objectives and driving associate engagement through professional development, cultural awareness and community outreach. Our current ARGs are organized around the following
groups: African-American, Disabled, Hispanic/Latino, LGBT (Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual and Transgendered), Military, Pan-Asian and Women.
In addition to our ARGs, we develop our leaders’ capabilities through our Women in Leadership program, which is available to both our female and male
associates. This program focuses on providing key leadership skills, business acumen and access to resources to support career development.
Our diversity and inclusion training includes four videos for all Company leaders that reinforce our commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce.
We provide a dedicated hotline to promote the anonymous reporting of concerns regarding conduct that violates the Company’s Business Code of Conduct and
Ethics.
We maintain a team of associates led by our Director – Diversity and Inclusion that provides focused leadership in
developing a diverse and inclusive work environment in which all associates are valued, respected, encouraged and supported to do their best work. The Company does not believe adoption of this proposal would enhance its commitment to equal
opportunity in any meaningful way.
WE RECOMMEND THAT YOU
VOTE “AGAINST” THE ADOPTION OF
THIS SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL.
The Home Depot 2016 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
S HAREHOLDER P ROPOSAL
R EGARDING S PECIAL S HAREHOLDER M EETINGS
(ITEM 5 ON THE PROXY CARD)
Mr. John Chevedden, located at 2215 Nelson Avenue, No. 205, Redondo Beach, CA 90278, is the beneficial owner of at least 100 shares of the
Company’s common stock and has notified the Company of his intention to present the following proposal at the Meeting. The Company is not responsible for the accuracy or content of the proposal, which is presented as received from the proponent
in accordance with SEC rules.