corporate social responsibility. At each Board meeting, our Chairman, CEO and
President has the opportunity to discuss in a directors-only session matters of particular importance or concern, including any significant, evolving or nascent risks that may be of concern to the Board or the Company, and our Lead Director presides
over an executive session of our independent directors at which risks faced by the Company may be discussed. Additionally, during Board-level review of the Company’s short- and long-term strategies, as discussed in more detail below, the Board
considers significant risks facing the Company and their potential impact. We believe that the practices described above and our current leadership structure facilitate effective Board oversight of our significant risks.
The Home Depot 2018 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
C ORPORATE G OVERNANCE
BOARD ROLE IN STRATEGIC PLANNING
The Company’s strategy is rooted in enhancing our
interconnected retail experience to better meet our customers’ changing preferences. Our Board plays an important role in the continued evolution of the Company’s strategic planning process. At a dedicated strategy session each fall and
through regular discussions at each quarterly Board meeting, our Board reviews the Company’s strategy and capabilities and actively engages with management to ensure that the Company is well-positioned to continue creating shareholder value. In
Fiscal 2017, those discussions helped shape our long-term strategy of investing in the “One Home Depot” experience outlined at our Investor and Analyst Conference in December 2017. As discussed in “Election of Directors”
beginning on page 15, each director nominee, including our new nominee, Stephanie C. Linnartz, possesses specific skills and qualifications that provide the Company with key insights into elements necessary to build our One Home Depot experience. As
a result of our focus on Board composition, we believe we have a Board with an appropriate mix of skills, backgrounds and experiences that leverages its diversity to effectively oversee our strategy as the Company positions itself to remain agile in
a dynamic retail environment.
GOVERNANCE BEST PRACTICES
Our Board believes that effective governance means regular and
thoughtful evaluation of the Company’s governance policies and processes in light of the broader governance landscape. As a result, our governance framework contains a variety of methods for shareholder engagement, as well as mechanisms to
ensure effective Board operations.
Shareholder Rights
Since 2011, we
have provided our shareholders with the right to act by majority written consent. Similarly, for almost a decade, holders of 25% or more of our common stock have had the right to call a special meeting of shareholders. As described in more detail on
page 13, shareholders may recommend Board candidates for consideration by our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. In 2016 we added to these long-standing shareholder rights by adopting “proxy access” to permit a shareholder, or
group of up to 20 shareholders, owning at least 3% of the Company’s outstanding common stock continuously for at least three years to nominate and include in the Company’s proxy materials director nominees constituting up to the greater of
two individuals or 20% of the Board, provided that the shareholders and the nominees satisfy the requirements specified in the Company’s By-Laws.
Corporate Governance Guidelines
The Company maintains Corporate Governance
Guidelines that establish a common set of expectations to assist the Board and its committees in performing their duties. The table below provides an overview of several key elements of our Guidelines, which are available on the Company’s
Investor Relations website at http://ir.homedepot.com under “Corporate Governance > Overview” and in print upon request.
Key Corporate Governance Guidelines Provisions
Outside Board Policy
We limit the number of other public company boards our directors may join to ensure that a director is not “overboarded” and is able to devote the appropriate amount of time and
attention to the oversight of the Company. A director who is in an active, full-time role with a for-profit business may not serve on more than three other public company boards. Other directors may not serve
on more than four other public company boards. In addition, Mr. Menear, our Chairman, CEO and President, may not serve on more than one other public company board. Any director seeking to join the board of directors of another public company or
for-profit organization must first notify the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and obtain its approval to continue as a member of our
Board.
The Home Depot 2018 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
C ORPORATE G OVERNANCE
Key Corporate Governance Guidelines Provisions
Succession Planning
The Board and LDC Committee are actively engaged in succession planning for the Company, and regularly review the succession plans that support the Company’s overall business strategy,
with a focus on key positions at the senior officer level, including our CEO.
Director Engagement, Education and Orientation Program
The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees the director engagement, continuing education and orientation program, which includes both internal activities and access to
external programming. Our program includes periodic walks of our stores and other facilities and in-depth meetings with management to provide our directors with the opportunity to observe our strategic
initiatives in action and to expand their insight into business operations and activities.
Board Self-Evaluations
Each year, the Board, as required by our Corporate Governance Guidelines, conducts an evaluation of its performance and effectiveness. In addition, each of our Board committees conducts
a self-evaluation pursuant to the requirements of the respective committee charter. These self-evaluations solicit feedback on a range of issues, including Board and committee structure and dynamics, meeting content, and interactions with
management. In addition to these evaluations, in Fiscal 2017, continuing a practice started by our Chairman the prior year, our Lead Director conducted individual interviews with each of the directors addressing similar topics in a one-on-one setting. The feedback from those interviews was discussed with the full Board in February 2018. The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees the
annual self-evaluation process on behalf of the Board.
COMPANY CULTURE: DOING THE RIGHT THING
The Home Depot has a strong commitment to ethics and integrity,
and we are a values-driven business. These values are present in the way we do business and are more formally codified in the Company’s Business Code of Conduct and Ethics. These values are also reflected in our 2017 Responsibility Report,
which can be found on our website at https://corporate.homedepot.com/responsibility.
Inverted Pyramid and Core Values
The Company’s culture is based on the inverted pyramid, where we put our customers and our associates at the top. Our culture also comes to life through our core
values, values that serve as the foundation of our business and the guiding principles behind the decisions we make every single day. We believe our culture helps set us apart and provides a distinct competitive advantage for The Home Depot. We
empower our associates to deliver a superior customer experience, and we reward associates who provide excellent customer service and embody The Home Depot values.
The Home Depot 2018 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
C ORPORATE G OVERNANCE
Business Code of Conduct and Ethics
The Company has a Business Code of Conduct and Ethics that is applicable to all directors, officers and associates of the Company, including the CEO and the CFO. The
Business Code of Conduct and Ethics reflects our strong commitment to ethics and integrity, and p