sustainability will remain a top priority . We support the aim of the Paris Agreement, and our board and senior leadership have set aggressive targets for greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions reduction with a commitment to achieve net zero Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions on a net equity basis by 2050. After our company significantly outperformed our five year emissions reduction targets for 2020, we announced new five year GHG reduction targets for 2025, which are to reduce operated Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity by approximately 50% and methane emissions intensity by approximately 50% from 2017, and to eliminate routine flaring from our operations by the end of 2025.
Saving the world’s forests and the important role they play as natural carbon sinks is foundational to the Paris Agreement’s aim of limiting the global average temperature rise to well below 2° Celsius. At the end of 2022, we announced an agreement to purchase high quality, independently verified REDD+ carbon credits for a minimum of $750 million between 2022 and 2032 directly from the Government of Guyana.
We are honored to have been recognized throughout 2022 as an industry leader in our environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure and proud of the actions we are taking to make a positive social impact in the communities where we do business. In keeping with our Hess Values, we are committed to diversity, equity and inclusion, which we believe creates value for all of our stakeholders, and to the safety and wellbeing of our workforce and the communities where we operate.
You are cordially invited to participate in our annual meeting of stockholders, which will be held at our offices, 1501 McKinney Street, Houston, Texas 77010, on Wednesday, May 17, 2023 at 9:00 a.m., Central Time. Thank you for your continued support and interest in our company. We look forward to sharing more about our company at our annual meeting.
Sincerely,
Independent Chair
of the Board of Directors
Chief Executive Officer
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
PROXY SUMMARY
2023 Annual Meeting Information
Voting Matters
How to Vote
Our Purpose: To Be The World’s Most Trusted Energy Partner
Corporate Culture and Human Capital Management
Strategy of Value Creation
2022 Corporate Performance Highlights
Commitment to Sustainability
Board Oversight of Sustainability Practices
Industry Leader in ESG Disclosure and Transparency
Director Nominees
Strong Governance Practices Promote Alignment with Stockholder Interests
viii
Executive Compensation Tied to Company Performance
PROXY STATEMENT