sustainability report, shall be deemed to be a part of or incorporated by reference into this proxy statement or any other
filings we make with the SEC.
Proxy solicitation expenses
The cost of preparing and mailing the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, this proxy statement and the
accompanying proxy and the cost of solicitation of proxies on behalf of the board of directors will be borne by the company. Solicitation will be made by mail and internet. Some personal solicitation may be made by directors, officers and employees
without special compensation, other than reimbursement for expenses. In addition, we have retained MacKenzie Partners Inc. to aid in the solicitation. Its fees for this solicitation are not expected to exceed $25,000, exclusive of expenses.
Table of Contents
Brokers and other nominees will be requested to solicit proxies or authorizations
from beneficial owners and will be reimbursed for their reasonable and documented expenses in connection therewith.
Submission of stockholder
proposals and nominations for the 2017 annual meeting
Proposals and Director Nominees for Inclusion in Proxy Materials
Proposals which stockholders wish to include in the company’s proxy materials relating to the 2017 annual meeting of
stockholders must be received by the corporate secretary at the address below no later than November 24, 2016. Such proposals must meet the requirements of the SEC to be eligible for inclusion in the company’s proxy materials. Proposals
must be addressed to:
Hess Corporation
1185 Avenue of the Americas
New York, N.Y. 10036
Attn: Corporate Secretary
Stockholder nominations for candidates for election at the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders which the stockholders wish to
include in the company’s proxy materials relating to the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders must be received by the company at the above address on or prior to February 3, 2017 (90 days prior to the one-year anniversary of the 2016 annual
meeting) together with the information required by the proxy access provision in the company’s by-laws.
Proposals
and Director Nominees for Presentation at the Annual Meeting
Any stockholder proposal for, or nominations for
candidates for election at, the 2017 annual meeting of stockholders which the proponent does not wish to include in the company’s proxy materials for that meeting must be received on or prior to February 3, 2017 (90 days prior to the
one-year anniversary of the 2016 annual meeting) together with the information required by the company’s by-laws. If the notice of such proposal or nomination is received by the company at the above address after February 3, 2017, the
proposal or nomination will be considered untimely, and if voted at the annual meeting, will be subject to the discretionary authority of proxies solicited by the board of directors.
Table of Contents