Sustainability
As we
continue to execute our strategy, our company will be guided by our longstanding commitment to sustainability. We are gratified to have been recognized once again in 2019 by a number of third-party organizations for the quality of our environmental,
social and governance performance and disclosure.
We recognize that climate change is one of the greatest scientific challenges of the 21st century
that must be addressed while also providing the safe, affordable and reliable energy necessary to ensure human welfare and global economic development in the context of the United Nations (U.N.) Sustainable Development Goals. Our Board is climate
change literate and actively engaged in overseeing Hess’ sustainability practices. We are committed to transparency – our strategy and reporting are closely aligned with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial
Disclosures (TCFD).
We have tested the robustness of Hess’ portfolio under the supply and demand scenarios from the International Energy
Agency (IEA), including the ambitious greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reductions assumed within the IEA’s Sustainable Development Scenario. Our strategy is consistent with the energy transition needed to achieve the Sustainable Development
Scenario, where oil and gas will continue to be essential to meeting the world’s growing energy demand. Our current asset portfolio is resilient, and our pipeline of forward investments is projected to provide strong financial returns under the
Sustainable Development Scenario.
Our business planning includes actions we will undertake to continue reducing our carbon footprint in keeping
with the findings of the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and the aim of the Paris Agreement to limit global average temperature rise to well below 2° C. Our Board of Directors and senior leadership have set aggressive targets for
GHG emission reductions, and over the past 12 years our company has reduced our absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by approximately 60% on an equity basis. In addition, we are investing in technological and scientific advances designed to reduce,
capture and store carbon emissions, including groundbreaking work being conducted by the Salk Institute to develop plants with larger root systems that according to the Salk Institute are capable of absorbing and storing potentially billions of tons
of carbon per year from the atmosphere.
Commitment to Shareholders
Our industry will play an important role in helping the world economy recover from the effects of the pandemic. We are confident in our ability to play
our part by executing our strategy to deliver long term value and increase financial returns. We are proud of our company’s 2019 performance and grateful for the guidance of our Directors, the dedication of our employees and the continued
support of our shareholders.
You are cordially invited to participate in our annual meeting of stockholders, which will be held as a virtual
meeting, on Wednesday, June 3, 2020 at 9:00 a.m., Central Time. We look forward to sharing more about our company at our annual meeting.
Sincerely,
Independent Chairman
of the Board of Directors
Chief Executive
Officer
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
NOTICE
OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
PROXY
SUMMARY
2020 Annual Meeting
Information
Voting
Matters
How to Vote
Our Purpose: To Be The World’s
Most Trusted Energy Partner
Corporate Culture and Human Capital
Management
Strategy of Value
Creation
Corporate Performance
Highlights
Commitment to
Sustainability
Environmental, Social and Governance
Disclosure and Transparency
Strong Governance
Practices
Director
Nominees
Executive Compensation Tied to Company
Performance
viii
PROXY
STATEMENT