Sustainability
As we execute
our company’s strategy, we will continue to be guided by our longstanding commitment to sustainability. In keeping with our Hess values, we strive to help address societal inequities by fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment and
creating opportunities in the communities where we operate. Our board of directors is climate change literate and actively engaged in overseeing Hess’ sustainability practices. We are committed to transparency – our strategy and reporting
are closely aligned with the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”). We are proud to have been recognized throughout 2020 by a number of third party organizations as an industry leader in our
environmental, social and governance performance and disclosure.
We recognize that climate change is one of the greatest scientific challenges of
the 21st century that must be addressed while at the same time providing the safe, affordable and reliable energy that is fundamental to human prosperity and world economic growth. We support the aim of the Paris Agreement and a global ambition to
achieve net zero emissions by 2050. Our business planning includes actions we will undertake to continue reducing our carbon footprint in keeping with the findings of the U.N. Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.
Our board and senior leadership have set aggressive targets for greenhouse gas (“GHG”) emissions reduction. In 2020, we significantly surpassed
our five year targets to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity by 25% and flaring intensity by 50% from our operated assets – reducing GHG emissions intensity and flaring intensity by approximately 40% and 60%, respectively, compared
with 2014 levels. We recently announced our new five year GHG reduction targets for 2025, which are to reduce operated Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions intensity by approximately 44% and methane emissions intensity by approximately 50% from 2017.
In addition, we are investing in technological and scientific advances designed to reduce, capture and store carbon emissions, including groundbreaking
work being conducted by the Salk Institute to develop plants with larger root systems that according to the Salk Institute are capable of absorbing and storing potentially billions of tons of carbon per year from the atmosphere.
We have tested the resilience of Hess’ portfolio under the supply and demand scenarios from the International Energy Agency (“IEA”). The
IEA’s Sustainable Development Scenario, which assumes all the pledges of the Paris Climate Agreement are met, projects oil and gas will still be 46% of the global energy mix in 2040. Our current asset portfolio is robust, and our pipeline of
forward investments is projected to provide strong financial returns under the Sustainable Development Scenario.
Commitment to
Shareholders
We will continue to execute our strategy that has positioned our company to deliver industry leading cash flow growth and
financial returns over the course of the decade. We are proud of our employees for their many accomplishments and grateful for the counsel and guidance of our directors. Thank you, our shareholders, for your continued support and interest in our
company.
You are cordially invited to participate in our annual meeting of stockholders, which will be held as a virtual meeting, on Wednesday,
June 2, 2021 at 9:00 a.m., Central Time. We look forward to sharing more about our company at our annual meeting.
Sincerely,
Independent Chairman
of the Board of Directors
Chief Executive
Officer
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
PROXY
SUMMARY
2021 Annual Meeting Information
Voting Matters
How to Vote
Our Purpose: To Be The World’s Most Trusted Energy
Partner
Corporate Culture and Human Capital
Management
Strategy of Value Creation
Corporate Performance Highlights
Commitment to Sustainability
Sustainability Focus Across Our Company
Environmental, Social and Governance Disclosure and Transparency
Director Nominees
Executive Compensation Tied to Company
Performance
viii
Strong Governance Practices Promote Alignment with Stockholder Interests
PROXY
STATEMENT