corporate responsibility strategy includes a focus on three areas: job creation to provide economic opportunities to underserved communities; job readiness to better prepare individuals for today’s jobs; and having a positive impact on climate, including setting new science-based net zero emission targets. Our diversity, equity, and inclusion efforts are focused on increasing diverse representation in our organization and ensuring equitable hiring, pay, and performance evaluation policies and practices. I am proud that we have made measurable progress across all of these goals.
As we look ahead, I am confident about Intuit’s strategy for growth and accelerated innovation, and in this uncertain global macroeconomic environment, our platform is even more mission-critical for consumers and small businesses. We are operating from a position of strength and we will continue to invest in innovation so we can deliver for the more than 100 million customers around the world who rely on Intuit to help them prosper.
Over Intuit’s nearly 40-year history, we have led through multiple platform shifts and have been through many economic downturns. In every instance, we have come out the other end much stronger than we were before. With a clear strategy and our strong culture, I know the best days of Intuit continue to be ahead of us.
Sasan Goodarzi
President and Chief Executive Officer
Intuit Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
Corporate Governance
Corporate Governance Practices
Board Responsibilities and Structure
Director Independence
Qualifications of Directors
Stockholder Recommendations of Director Candidates
Board Committees and Charters
Annual Board Evaluation
Compensation Risk Assessment
Stockholder Engagement Process
Corporate Responsibility
Transactions with Related Persons
Proposal No. 1 — Election of Directors
Our Board Nominees
Director Compensation
Annual Retainer and Equity Compensation Program for Non-Employee Directors
Director Stock Ownership Requirement
Director Summary Compensation Table
Equity Grants to Directors During Fiscal Year 2022
Outstanding Equity Awards for Directors at Fiscal
Year-End 2022
Proposal No. 2 — Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation
Compensation and Organizational Development Committee Report