sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing and internal controls and processes that continue to evolve. Actual results could differ materially for a variety of reasons. Risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from management’s expectations are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended July 31, 2024. Except as may be required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Website references throughout this document are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this document.
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
Intuit at a Glance
Intuit helps consumers and small and mid-market businesses prosper by delivering financial management, compliance, and marketing products and services. We also provide specialized tax products to accounting professionals, who are key partners that help us serve small and mid-market business customers. Across our platform, we use the power of data and artificial intelligence (“AI”) to deliver three core benefits to our customers: helping put more money in their pockets, saving them time by eliminating work, and ensuring that they have complete confidence in every financial decision they make. Our global financial technology platform includes TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp.
Fiscal 2024 Performance Highlights
We delivered strong results in fiscal 2024. Key highlights include the following.
Total
revenue
Combined platform revenue
GAAP operating income
GAAP diluted EPS
$10.43
up 24% from $8.42 in FY23
$16.3 billion
up 13% from FY23
Global Business Solutions Group up 19% from FY23
with Online Ecosystem up 20% from FY23
Consumer Group up 7% from FY23
Credit Karma up 5% from FY23
$12.5 billion
up 14% from FY23 includes Global Business Solutions Group Online Ecosystem, TurboTax Online, and Credit Karma
$3.6 billion up 16% from FY23
Repurchased
$2.0 billion of shares and increased dividend 15% to $3.60 per share
Non-GAAP operating income
$6.4 billion
up 16% from FY23
Non-GAAP diluted EPS
$16.94 up 18% from $14.40 in FY23
See Appendix A to this proxy statement for information regarding non-GAAP financial measures, including a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures.
On August 1, 2024, we renamed our Small Business & Self-Employed segment as the Global Business Solutions segment. This segment continues to serve small and mid-market businesses.
INTUIT’S FINANCIAL PRINCIPLES
Intuit has a track record of disciplined capital allocation and shareholder returns driven by the following financial principles.
Grow organic revenue double digits Operating income dollars grow faster than revenue Deploy cash to the highest-yield opportunities Return excess cash to shareholders via dividend and share repurchase Maintain a strong balance sheet
Proxy Summary
INTUIT 2025 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Our Big Bets
Intuit is a global financial technology platform with a mission to power prosperity around the world. Our platform helps consumers and small and mid-market businesses prosper by delivering financial management, compliance, and marketing products and services. We also provide specialized tax products to accounting professionals.
Across our platform, we use the power of data and AI to deliver three core benefits to our customers: helping put more money in their pockets, saving them time by eliminating work, and ensuring that they have complete confidence in every financial decision they make. We help consumers do their taxes with ease and confidence, understand their financial picture, build credit, save more to make ends meet, get their largest tax refund, pay off debt, and receive personalized suggestions on how to grow their money. We help small and mid-market businesses grow and run their business all in one place, including bookkeeping, getting paid, accessing capital, paying employees, getting and retaining customers, and managing their customer relationships. We do this through our global AI-driven expert platform strategy and our offerings, including TurboTax, Credit Karma, QuickBooks, and Mailchimp. As we execute our global AI-driven expert platform strategy, we prioritize resources on our five Big Bets across the company. These priorities focus on solving the problems that matter most to customers.
1 Revolutionizing speed to benefit
When customers use our products and services, we use the power of AI to deliver value instantly and aim to make interactions with our offerings frictionless, without the need for customers to manually enter data. We are accelerating the application of AI to deliver breakthrough “done for you” innovations to customers. This priority is foundational across our business, and execution against it positions us to succeed with our other four strategic priorities.
2 Connecting people to experts
The largest problem our customers face is lack of confidence to file their own taxes or to manage their books. To build their confidence, we connect our customers to experts. We offer customers access to experts to help them make important decisions — and experts, such as accountants, gain access to new customers so they can grow their businesses. We are also expanding our virtual expert network and broadening the segments we serve beyond tax and accounting, to play a more meaningful role in our customers’ financial lives.
3 Unlocking smart money decisions
To address the challenges of high-cost debt and lack of savings, we are creating a comprehensive, self-driving financial platform with Credit Karma that propels our members forward wherever they are on their financial journey, so they can understand their financial picture, make smart financial decisions, and stick to their financial plan in the near and long term.
4 Being the center of small business growth
Globally, we are focused on helping customers grow their businesses by offering a broad, seamless set of tools that are designed to help them get and retain customers, get paid faster, manage and get access to capital, pay employees with confidence, and use third-party apps to help run their businesses. Our money solutions enable customers to manage their money end-to-end and improve cash flow. This is an important driver to improving the success rate of our small and mid-market business customers.
5 Disrupting the mid-market
We aim to disrupt the mid-market with a tailor-made platform for business, which includes our QuickBooks offerings, as well as our workforce solutions and money offerings. These solutions are designed to address the more complex needs of larger mid-market businesses. Mailchimp’s marketing offerings enable mid-market businesses to digitally promote their business across email, social media, landing pages, ads, websites, and more, all from one place. These offerings enable us to increase retention of these larger customers and accelerate mid-market demand.
We believe our Big Bets enable us to deliver a QuickBooks and Mailchimp platform that serves as the source of truth for small and mid-market business customers, providing end-to-end solutions to increase their revenue and profitability, fueling their business success. For consumers, we're creating seamless, end-to-end experiences that customers benefit from year-round with TurboTax and Credit Karma, helping them make ends meet, maximize their tax refund, save more, pay off debt, and take steps to improve their financial health year-round.
As the external environment evolves, we continue to innovate and adapt our strategy and anticipate our customers’ needs. For more than 40 years, we have been dedicated to developing innovative solutions that are designed to solve our customers' most important financial problems. At Intu