sustainability. We have considered such feedback in our adoption of proxy access and enhancements to our proxy disclosure. Both management and our Board of Directors will continue to engage with our stockholders on a regular basis in order to understand their perspectives and incorporate their feedback.
Table of Contents
Compensation Practices
Intuit employs a number of practices that reflect our pay-for-performance compensation philosophy, including the following:
Compensation Practices
ü A significant portion of our fiscal 2016 senior executive officer compensation is in the form of incentives tied to achievement of particular performance measures;
ü We have “clawback” provisions for operating performance-based equity awards and beginning in the 2016 fiscal year implemented “clawback” provisions for cash bonus payments under our Senior Executive Incentive Plan;
ü We have stock ownership guidelines for executive officers at the senior vice president level and above and non-employee directors, with the CEO guideline set at six times salary, the senior vice president level and above guideline set at one and a half times salary, and the non-employee director guideline set at five times annual cash retainer;
ü The CEO’s service-based RSUs and Relative TSR RSUs granted in fiscal 2015 and 2016 include a mandatory one-year holding period, requiring the CEO to hold the underlying shares for at least one year after the awards vest;
û We prohibit directors and executive officers from pledging Intuit stock or engaging in hedging transactions involving Intuit stock;
û We do not provide supplemental company-paid retirement benefits designed for executive officers;
û We do not provide any excise tax “gross-up” payments; and
û We do not provide perquisites or other executive benefits based solely on rank.
Table of Contents
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
Intuit is committed to excellence in corporate governance and maintains policies and practices that promote good corporate governance, including the following:
Corporate Governance Practices
ü The Board has adopted majority voting in uncontested elections of directors;
ü A majority of the board members are independent of Intuit and its management;
ü The independent members of the Board meet regularly without the presence of management;
ü All members of the Audit and Risk Committee, Nominating and Governance Committee and Compensation and Organizational Development Committee of the Board are independent;
ü The charters of the committees of the Board clearly establish the committees’ respective roles and responsibilities;
ü Our bylaws provide our stockholders with a proxy access right;
ü The Board and its committees receive periodic updates on regulatory and other developments relevant to the Board from management and outside experts;
ü Intuit’s internal audit control function maintains critical oversight over the key areas of its business and financial processes and controls, and reports directly to Intuit’s Audit and Risk Committee;
ü Intuit’s investor relations team, management team and our Lead Independent Director regularly communicate with our stockholders and report to the Board on the stockholders’ perspectives;
ü Intuit has adopted a Code of Conduct & Ethics for employees that is monitored by Intuit’s ethics office and also has a Code of Ethics that applies to all Board members; and
ü Intuit’s ethics office has a hotline available to all employees, and Intuit’s Audit and Risk Committee has procedures in place to receive and process complaints, including on a confidential and anonymous basis, regarding accounting, internal accounting controls, auditing and federal securities law matters, or violations of the Code of Conduct & Ethics and for employees to make confidential, anonymous complaints regarding accounting, auditing and federal securities law matters or violations of the Intuit’s Code of Conduct & Ethics.
Our Board has adopted Corporate Governance Principles that are designed to assist the Board in observing practices and procedures that serve the best interests of Intuit and our stockholders. The Nominating and Governance Committee is responsible for overseeing these Corporate Governance Principles, reviewing them at least annually and making recommendations to the Board regarding any changes. These Corporate Governance Principles address, among other things, our policy on succession planning and senior leadership development, Board performance evaluations, committee structure and stock ownership requirements.
We maintain a corporate governance page on our company website that contains key information about corporate governance matters. This information includes copies of our Corporate Governance Principles, Political Accountability Policy, Code of Conduct & Ethics for all employees, including our Company’s senior executive and financial officers, our Operating Values, the charter for each Board committee and the Code of Ethics for our Board. The link to this corporate governance page can be found at http://investors.intuit.com/corporate-governance/conduct-and-guidelines/default.aspx .
Board Responsibilities, Leadership Structure and Executive Sessions
The Board oversees management’s performance on behalf of Intuit’s stockholders. The Board’s primary responsibilities are to (1) select, oversee and determine compensation for the Chief Executive Officer who, with senior management, runs Intuit on a day-to-day basis, (2) monitor management’s performance to assess whether Intuit is operating in an effective, efficient and ethical manner in order to create value for Intuit’s stockholders, and (3) periodically review Intuit’s long-range strategic plan, business initiatives, capital projects and budget matters.
The Board appoints a Chairman, who may be an officer of Intuit if the Board determines that it is in the best interests of Intuit and its stockholders. The roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer may be held by the same person or different people. If the Chairman is also the Chief Executive Officer, then the Board has determined that it will appoint a Lead Independent Director.
Currently, Mr. Smith holds the roles of both Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer. The Board believes that the combination of the roles of Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer is appropriate at this time because of Mr. Smith’s deep understanding of the Company’s business and culture as well as Mr. Smith’s instrumental contributions in developing and leading the Company’s strategic priorities. Mr. Smith’s leadership as the Chairman and CEO helps to effectively drive the Company’s strategy, and to facilitate critical flow of information between the Board of Directors and
Table of Contents
management. This role, combined with the independent members of the Board of Directors, led by a Lead Independent Director acting in accordance with the Company’s robust corporate governance practices and policies, provides effective oversight.
Because Mr. Smith serves as both the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, the Company and the Board recognize the importance of providing additional, independent oversight of the Board. The independent directors of the Board designated Ms. Nora Johnson to serve as the Company’s Lead Independent Director for a period of at least one year. Her responsibilities and authority include:
Authority to call executive sessions of the independent directors;
Presiding at meetings of the Board at which the Chairman is not present, including executive sessions of the independent directors, which occur at least quarterly;
Conferring with the Chairman on agenda topics for Board meetings, and approving the agenda and schedule for Board meetings to ensure that there is sufficient time for discussion of all agenda items;
Approving information sent to the Board;
Serving as liaison between the Chairman and the independent directors; and
Being available for consultations and communicat