sustainability, education for youth and entrepreneurs, building equality for the underserved and job creation for communities in need. We make these investments because we believe it is the right thing to do and makes good business sense. When our communities thrive, we all thrive — and together we prosper.
Today, the rise of Artificial Intelligence (A.I.) is fundamentally reshaping our world — and Intuit is taking advantage of this technological revolution to find new ways to deliver on our mission. Our next chapter will capitalize on this opportunity and we’ve declared bold goals to improve prosperity globally and inspire our workforce, while investing in our company’s reputation and durable growth in the future.
The first goal is to double the household savings rate and increase the small business survival rate by ten percent for customers on our platform. Our second goal is to be recognized as best-in-class on Forbes’ list of the most reputable companies in the world. And our third goal is to significantly increase our growth rate so that we serve 200 million customers by 2025 and accelerate revenue growth.
Our strategy for delivering on these bold goals is to become an A.I.-driven expert platform where we and others can solve our customers’ most important problems. We will accelerate the development of the platform by applying A.I. in three key areas: machine learning, knowledge engineering and natural language processing.
Along with the accelerated application of A.I., the platform will also deliver access to financial experts. One of the biggest
TABLE OF CONTENTS
problems our customers face is lack of confidence. Even with current advances in technology that deliver personalized tools and insights, many people still connect with experts to give them the confidence that they are making the right decisions. By bringing experts onto our platform — through video, chat or other means — we can solve this problem for customers. This combination of technology and people on the platform will enable us to digitize the services industry.
As we build our A.I.-driven expert platform, we are prioritizing our resources on five top priorities, or big bets, across the company. These five key priority areas go after the problems that matter most to customers. We believe that they are the biggest opportunities for growth and will ensure that Intuit is as healthy ten years from now as it is today.
“Today, the rise of Artificial Intelligence is fundamentally reshaping our world — and Intuit is taking advantage of this technological revolution to find new ways to deliver on our mission.”
Revolutioniz e Speed to Benefit: When customers use our products and services, we aim to deliver value instantly by making the interactions with our offerings frictionless, without the need for customers to manually enter data. With 104 machine learning models currently in production and over 400 A.I.-related patent applications filed, we are accelerating the application of A.I. with a goal to revolutionize the customer experience. This big bet is foundational across our business, and execution against it positions us to succeed with our other four bets.
Connect People to Experts: The largest problem our customers face is lack of confidence to file their taxes or to manage their books. To build their confidence, we will connect customers to experts. Customers will get access to experts to help them make important decisions — and experts, such as
accountants, will get access to new customers so they can grow their businesses. In our tax business, for example, with 2,000 pros already on our platform, we are well positioned to serve more of the 86 million tax filers, nearly 60% of total filers, who currently seek assistance from tax stores or accountants.
Unlock Smart Money Decisions: Crippling high-cost debt and lack of savings are at epidemic levels across the U.S. 45% of Americans live paycheck to paycheck and 40% of Americans can’t come up with $400 in an emergency. We are uniquely positioned to help. 50 million unique tax filers use TurboTax and we help deliver $82 billion in tax refunds through our offerings. We help small businesses pay 14 million workers through our payroll offering, amounting to $180 billion of paychecks annually. With the insights generated through our ecosystem, we will connect customers with the financial products that help put more money in their pockets. We will offer the right financial opportunities based on a customer’s unique situation — not what is best for us or our partners, but the credit card, loan or service that is right for that customer’s goals.
Be the Center of Small Business Growth: We will help customers grow their businesses by offering a broad, seamless set of tools that will help them get paid faster, manage and get access to capital, pay employees with confidence and use third-party apps to help run their businesses. Today, 50% of small businesses fail in the first five years — and many do so because of cash flow problems. We aim to change that. At the same time, we want to position ourselves to better serve product-based businesses by transforming omni-channel commerce to benefit customers who sell products through multiple channels. With QuickBooks Capital, we’re already providing capital to our entrepreneurial customers who need it most, quickly and easily. Since its launch in 2017, QuickBooks Capital has financed more than 25,000 loans for our customers, representing over $522 million.
Disrupt the Small Business Mid-Market: We will disrupt the mid-market with QuickBooks Online Advanced, our online offering designed to address the needs of small business customers with 10 to 100 employees. This offering will allow us
TABLE OF CONTENTS
“We are a customer-obsessed culture and continue to be a nimble, innovative company because we fall in love with what’s most important for our customers and never the solutions that we create.”
to increase retention of these larger customers, and attract new mid-market customers who are over-served by available offerings. We are just getting started and already have over 200,000 customers today in our QuickBooks Online Advanced and QuickBooks Desktop Enterprise offerings, both addressing mid-market customers.
We’ve galvanized the entire company and mobilized our investments around these five bets. We are confident they provide us with the best opportunity to continue to deliver on our mission of powering prosperity as well as drive growth for the company.
The strength of Intuit is the people that work here, and I am inspired by the commitment and passion of our employees as they work day in and day out to deliver for our customers. We are a customer-obsessed culture and continue to be a nimble, innovative company because we fall in love with what’s most important for our customers and never the solutions that we create.
We are also driving important behavior changes at the company. We believe that we will take our game to the next level by becoming even more customer-obsessed. And that we will succeed when data and code win arguments, not opinions. These goals are supported by the rigorous operating system we use to run the company, which drives these behavior changes and ensures accountability.
It is this culture of bold innovation and execution excellence that has been at the heart of what has allowed Intuit to grow and thrive for over three decades. And it is this same special, values-driven culture that now propels us forward in this new era of A.I. and revolutionizing experiences for customers.
When I look ahead, I am incredibly excited about the opportunity before us. We have a strong culture grounded in a set of values that guide us. We have a crystal clear strategy and five big bets that the entire company is galvanized around. And we will execute every day to double household savings, improve the success rate of small businesses and be one of the most reputable companies in the world — as w