Corporate Social Responsibility report, which highlights our work drawing on the collective strengths of our people and our products to power prosperity around the world, especially for those who need it most.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
“Our leadership team is truly global and diverse in its makeup and understands
the importance of embracing diversity and inclusion
for the future of Intuit.”
A New Generation of Leaders
As proud as we are of all that we have been able to accomplish, Intuit’s culture is one of change and re-invention, and that is true for our leadership structure as well. Serving as CEO of Intuit has been the job of a lifetime for me, but after 11 years as CEO, it is time for me to pass the torch to the next generation of leadership.
This past August, we shared that Sasan Goodarzi will assume the role as Intuit’s sixth CEO at the start of the calendar year. Sasan is an amazing leader and the right person to steer this exceptional company into the future. In his 13 years at Intuit, he’s led every major Intuit business and also served as our CIO. At every stop, Sasan has built high-performing and highly engaged teams that delivered impressive results.
One of Intuit’s enduring strengths is a long history of successful leadership development and succession planning. Beyond a new CEO, we are also excited about other changes in the senior leadership team at Intuit, and I am thrilled that we have been able to promote from within for these positions. Our leadership team is truly global and diverse in its makeup and understands the importance of embracing diversity and inclusion for the future of Intuit.
I am privileged to have served this company for the past 16 years, and am honored to have the opportunity to continue to serve the company as the Executive Chairman of the Board when I step down as CEO. I’m proud of the culture we’ve built and of the transformation we’ve executed during a time of unprecedented change in the technology world and our society at large, and I look forward to continuing to be a part of Intuit’s next chapter. Most importantly, I’m proud of the prosperity we’re enabling for the tens of millions of customers we serve around the world every day.
A New Era
The changes in our leadership team mark an exciting new era for Intuit, yet our mission to Power Prosperity Around the World remains our North Star. Our One Intuit Ecosystem strategy remains our compass, and our operating values remain the pillars of our culture.
On behalf of the Board of Directors, the executive team and the entire Intuit organization, thank you for being an Intuit shareholder and for your support of Intuit. I hope to see you at our Annual Meeting on January 17, and I encourage you to vote your proxy as soon as possible.
Brad Smith
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Intuit Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​
Table of Contents
2019 Proxy Summary
Corporate Governance
Board Responsibilities and Structure
Director Independence
Qualifications of Directors
Stockholder Recommendations of Director Candidates
Board Evaluation Process
Board Committees and Charters
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Compensation Risk Assessment
Stockholder Engagement Process
Corporate Social Responsibility
Transactions with Related Persons
Proposal No. 1 — Election of Directors
Our Board Nominees
Director Compensation
Overview of Our Compensation Program for Our Non-Employee Directors
Director Stock Ownership Requirement
Director Summary Compensation Table
Equity Grants to Directors During Fiscal Year 2018
Outstanding Equity Awards for Directors at Fiscal Year-End 2018
Proposal No. 2 — Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation
Compensation and Organizational Development Committee Report