sustainability that runs through the core of our business. We are proud to have achieved carbon neutrality for our worldwide operations through a three-pronged strategy of boosting energy efficiency internally, investing in renewable energy, and buying carbon offsets.
Innovations Are Driven By Our Talented and Diverse Global Workforce
In a highly competitive talent market, we continue to attract top talent, while also maintaining a low attrition rate in Silicon Valley. For sixteen consecutive years, Intuit has been ranked as one of the 100 best companies to work for by Fortune Magazine, and we also ranked 8th on Fortune’s inaugural Future 50 list of companies that are considered to be the best prepared to thrive in the future. We believe this is because we foster a culture where all employees are empowered to act as entrepreneurs and challenged to do the best work of their lives. We’re proud of our diversity and inclusion at all levels of the company because we believe a wide range of backgrounds and life experiences enables innovation to thrive.
Our Culture Is Shared by Our Board
We are also extremely proud of the diversity of our Board of Directors. Our directors’ varying tenures, ages, genders, ethnic backgrounds and work experiences invigorate the Board’s oversight and dialogue. The most recent addition to the Board is Deborah Liu, who brings deep industry expertise in product development and global markets that aligns with Intuit’s long-term strategy. The Board has also nominated Tom Szkutak, former Amazon.com CFO. Tom brings a wealth of financial and global experience from Amazon.com and General Electric. Our directors’ active engagement in Intuit’s strategy positions us well for long-term success.
Our Board deeply values your perspectives, and we enjoyed engaging with many of you throughout the year. Our relationship with our shareholders is an important part of our Board’s corporate governance responsibilities, and we are committed to including our shareholders’ perspectives in boardroom discussions.
On behalf of our Board of Directors, the executive team and the entire Intuit organization, thank you for being an Intuit shareholder and for your support of Intuit.
Brad D. Smith
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Intuit Inc.
TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​
Table of Contents
2018 Proxy Summary
Corporate Governance
Board Responsibilities and Structure
Director Independence
Board Evaluation Process
Board Committees and Charters
Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation
Compensation Risk Assessment
Stockholder Engagement Process
Corporate Social Responsibility
Director Compensation
Overview of Our Compensation Program for Our Non-Employee Directors
Director Stock Ownership Requirement
Director Summary Compensation Table
Equity Grants to Directors During Fiscal Year 2017
Outstanding Equity Awards for Directors at Fiscal Year-End 2017
Transactions with Related Persons
Proposal No. 1 — Election of Directors
Qualifications of Directors
Stockholder Recommendations of Director Candidates
Our Board Nominees
Proposal No. 2 — Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation
Compensation and Organizational Development Committee Report