Sustainability
Diversity
Reporting:
Financial Results
Finance/Accounting
Internal Audit
Independent Audit
Treasury
Compliance:
Law/Legal Proceedings
Legislative/Regulatory Environment
Health Care Compliance
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act
Environment, Health & Safety
Privacy
Quality
Product Safety/Scientific Issues
Operations:
Supply Chain (including Manufacturing/Business Continuity Planning)
Security (including security of products, sites, personnel, and information)
Cybersecurity
Research & Development
The Board also receives regular reports on aspects of our risk management from senior representatives of our independent auditor. In
addition, the Audit Committee meets in private sessions with the Chief Financial Officer; General Counsel; Vice President of Internal Audit; and representatives of our independent auditor at the conclusion of every regularly-scheduled meeting, where
aspects of risk management are discussed. The Regulatory, Compliance & Government Affairs Committee meets in private sessions with the General Counsel; Chief Compliance Officer; Chief Quality Officer; and Vice President of Internal Audit,
where aspects of risk management are discussed.
A copy of the Johnson & Johnson Framework for Enterprise Risk Management can be found at
www.jnj.com/about-jnj/management-approach .
Risk Related to Executive Compensation
The following characteristics of our executive compensation program work to reduce the possibility that our executive officers, either individually or as a group, make
excessively risky business decisions that could maximize short-term results at the expense of long-term value:
Balanced Mix of Pay Components: The target compensation mix is not overly weighted toward annual incentive awards and represents a balance of cash and long-term equity-based compensation vesting over three
years. See “Setting Compensation Targets” on page 41 of this Proxy Statement.
Balanced Approach to Performance-Based Awards:
Performance targets are tied to multiple financial metrics, including operational sales growth, free cash flow, adjusted earnings per share growth, and long-term total shareholder return.
Performance-based awards are based on the achievement of strategic and leadership objectives in addition to financial metrics.
See “Long-Term Incentives” on page 37 of this Proxy Statement.
4 • Johnson & Johnson 2016 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Performance Period and Vesting Schedules: The performance period and vesting schedules for long-term incentives overlap, and therefore, reduce the motivation to maximize performance in any one period.
Performance Share Units, Restricted Share Units, and Stock Options vest three years from the grant date.
Capped Incentive Awards: Annual performance bonuses and long-term incentive awards are capped at 200% of target. See “Range of Awards” on page 42 of this Proxy Statement.
Stock Ownership Guidelines: These guidelines require our CEO to directly or indirectly own equity in our company of six times salary, and the other members of our Executive Committee (the principal
management group) to own equity of three times salary, and to retain this level of equity at all times while serving as an Executive Committee member. See “Stock Ownership Guidelines for Named Executive Officers” on page 44 of this
Proxy Statement.
Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy: This Policy gives our Board authority to recoup executive officers’ past compensation in the event of a material restatement of our financial results and for
events involving material violations of company policy relating to the manufacturing, sales or marketing of our products. See “Executive Compensation Recoupment Policy” on page 45 of this Proxy Statement.
No Change-in-Control Arrangements: None of our executive officers have in place any change-in-control arrangements that would result in guaranteed payouts.
B OARD
C OMMITTEES
The Board of Directors has a standing Audit Committee, Compensation & Benefits Committee, Nominating & Corporate Governance Committee, Regulatory,
Compliance & Government Affairs Committee and Science, Technology & Sustainability Committee, each composed entirely of non-employee Directors determined to be “independent” under the listing standards of the NYSE and our
Standards of Independence. Under their written charters adopted by the Board, each of these committees is authorized and assured of appropriate funding to retain and consult with external advisors, consultants and counsel. In addition, the Board has
a standing Finance Committee, composed of the Chairman of the Board and the Lead Director, which exercises the authority of the Board during intervals between Board meetings.
Board Committee Membership
The following table shows the current members and
chairmen of each of the standing Board Committees and the number of meetings each committee held in 2015.
Not standing for re-election in 2016
Designated as an “audit committee financial expert” for purposes of Section 407 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
Does not include teleconferences held prior to each release of quarterly earnings (4 in total)
Includes an annual joint meeting of the Audit and Regulatory, Compliance & Government Affairs Committees
Johnson & Johnson 2016
Proxy Statement • 5
Table of Contents
Audit Committee
Oversees the company’s financial management and accounting and financial reporting processes and practices
Appoints, retains, compensates and evaluates independent auditor
Oversees the company’s internal audit organization, reviews its annual plan and reviews results of its audits
Oversees the quality and adequacy of the company’s internal accounting controls and procedures
Reviews and monitors the company’s financial reporting compliance and practices and its disclosure controls and procedures
Discusses with management the processes used to assess and manage the company’s exposure to risk, and monitors risks related to tax, treasury, IT and
cybersecurity
In performing these functions, the Audit Committee meets periodically with the independent auditor, management, and
internal auditors (including in private sessions) to review their work and confirm that they are properly discharging their respective responsibilities. For more information on Audit Committee activities in 2015, see the