sustainability risks and opportunities; the Board’s oversight of risk; diversity and inclusion; and the future of health care and our company. I shared your perspectives with my fellow Directors, and as a result, we updated important disclosures and reaffirmed critical policies and practices.
You can see the results of our outreach in our updated board skills matrix, our robust Board evaluation process (adopting new technology which enables the inclusion of anonymous written feedback), our steady Board refreshment, and our thought leadership and enhanced reporting on environmental, social and governance topics. Please read about our newest Director nominee and our other Board, governance, risk oversight and compensation practices in the pages that follow.
As a company focused on improving the health of humanity globally, we are intensely focused on the opportunities, as well as the risks, created by ever-shifting political, human capital, and other dynamics. The Drucker Institute rates Johnson & Johnson as one of the five best-managed companies in the United States with top-tier recognition for financial management, innovation, how we treat our people, and how we conduct ourselves globally. Despite that success, we maintain our sights on future performance, steadily raising the bar we set for ourselves to deliver long-term, sustainable results in line with Our Credo.
Independent, effective Board leadership and the talent and hard work of our executive team and our employees around the globe are at the core of our past achievements and fuel our future success. My role as Lead Director includes a broad range of responsibilities consistent with most independent Board chairs, impacting all critical aspects of the Board’s operations and decision-making. I focus on making the Lead Director role effective by providing strong independent leadership of the Board, and keeping in frequent contact with the Chairman. Together, we ensure the effective functioning of the Board/management relationship. As we periodically evaluate our Board’s leadership structure, we are mindful of the need for a governance framework that allows the Board flexibility to select the best structure based on the specific needs of the business at the time and what we believe is in the best interests of shareholders. All our Directors select our Board Chair as well as our Lead Director. I commit to you that your Johnson & Johnson Board will continue to advance the long-term interests of shareholders and remain accountable to you through a variety of meaningful governance practices. We hope you agree that this structure incorporates the checks and balances that a large global healthcare company like ours requires.
Thank you for your investment in Johnson & Johnson and the trust that it implies—it is that trust we continually work to retain. We kindly request that you support our voting recommendations and we invite you to share your thoughts with us throughout the year via any of the means we highlight in this Proxy Statement.
Sincerely,
Anne M. Mulcahy
Lead Director
2018 Proxy Statement - 5
Table of Contents
A MESSAGE FROM OUR LEAD DIRECTOR
2018 PROXY STATEMENT – SUMMARY
Voting Overview
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Item 1: Election of Directors
Nominees
Director Nomination Process and Board Composition
Board Leadership Structure
Director Independence
Shareholder Engagement
Risk Oversight
Additional Governance Features
Board Committees
Board Meetings and Processes
Related Person Transactions
Stock Ownership and Section 16 Compliance
Director Compensation
COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVES
Item 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation
Compensation Committee Report