diversity, equity and inclusion. More broadly, the Company, with Board oversight, continues to be committed to its Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) efforts, including continued transparent disclosure of our ESG priorities and practices as further described beginning on page 28 of this Proxy Statement.
As your Lead Director, I greatly value this opportunity to share with you some of the ways that the Board is working together to provide strong and independent oversight to represent your interests. Over the past year, I have had the continued pleasure of speaking with a number of the Company’s shareholders and have benefited from your perspectives and insights on topics that are important to you and our Company. I discussed your feedback with the full Board, and as a result, the Company has updated and expanded its disclosures as further described on page 34 of this Proxy Statement. We hope you find these disclosures informative and helpful and we welcome your continued engagement and feedback.
We strongly believe that the Board’s oversight role is best served by Directors with diverse perspectives and experiences, and the Board is committed to seeking new Directors whose skills and backgrounds align with both the current and future needs of the Company to ensure its sustained growth over the long term. The Board is composed of global leaders in business and healthcare, leading scientists and policy experts who provide the varied skills and expertise necessary to oversee the world’s largest healthcare company. This year, the Board is pleased to introduce Dr. Nadja West, retired United States Army lieutenant general and former United States Army Surgeon General. Dr. West is an accomplished healthcare leader and we are confident that Johnson & Johnson’s shareholders will benefit from her incredible leadership and experience.
One of the Board’s most important responsibilities is risk oversight and we recognize that Johnson & Johnson operates in a very challenging industry and environment. Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, the Board has regularly reviewed both the risks posed by the pandemic as well as the Company’s response and efforts. In fact, the Board and its Committees held a significant number of special meetings to discuss these and other topics to ensure that the Board was able to effectively oversee the Company’s pandemic response in addition to its regular operations. The Board continues to work closely with management, and when appropriate, third-party experts to understand risks to the Company and its reputation and to ensure that Johnson & Johnson continues its steadfast commitment to patient safety and responsible business practices. I also regularly led Executive Sessions so the independent Directors had both the time and opportunity to discuss the issues facing the Company without management present.
At the same time, the Board sees an incredible opportunity for Johnson & Johnson in the evolving global healthcare landscape, and, in 2020, we worked closely with senior leadership to ensure that the Company’s strategy will position it to continue to be a global healthcare leader in the future. As the Board fully appreciates that Johnson & Johnson’s employees are an essential element of the Company’s long-term strategy and success, as it does each year, the Board spent significant time reviewing the Company’s approach to talent development, human capital management strategies and key talent programs and metrics, including those related to diversity, equity and inclusion. We also spent significant time reviewing the Company’s executive compensation program to ensure that Johnson & Johnson is incentivizing strong, Credo-based leadership and accountability while balancing short-term results and long-term growth.
Johnson & Johnson stays true to Our Credo by always remaining focused on the Company’s first priority – the patients, healthcare providers and customers who use its products. On behalf of the full Board, I would like to thank you for your continued support and investment in Johnson & Johnson. We kindly request your support for our voting recommendations, and we invite you to share your perspectives with us throughout the year.
Sincerely,
Anne M. Mulcahy
Lead Director
2021 Proxy Statement 3
Our COVID-19 Response Efforts
Throughout our more than 130-year history, Johnson & Johnson has come to the aid of local and global communities during times of crisis, from natural disasters to disease outbreaks. We believe we have a responsibility to lead and invest in solutions for global public health crises and are proud to be contributing to the global response to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Our knowledge and experience inform everything we're doing to help combat the COVID-19 pandemic. We are proud to have leveraged our scientific expertise, operational scale and financial strength to advance the work on our single-dose COVID-19 vaccine, which received Emergency Use Authorization from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration in February 2021. This milestone achievement follows a year of incredible work by our dedicated teams and unprecedented collaboration with health leaders around the globe. In addition, we are seeking regulatory authorization in additional countries around the world. Johnson & Johnson is committed to making our COVID-19 vaccine available on a not for-profit basis for emergency pandemic use, and we look forward to our continued efforts around the world as we collectively aim to change the trajectory of this global pandemic .
Our Patients and Customers
As a leader in global health, our top priority is our patients and customers. We are taking measures to ensure that we continue to provide access to the medicines, products and solutions they depend on. The Company has robust business continuity plans in place across its global supply chain network to prepare for unforeseen events like the coronavirus pandemic. These steps include maintaining critical inventory at major distribution centers away from high-risk areas and working with external suppliers to support our preparedness plans. We are closely monitoring product demand and supply levels across our global network to ensure adequate and effective distribution and are working diligently to meet patient and customer needs.
Our Employees
Johnson & Johnson has committed to remain on the frontlines of this global public health crisis, bringing our full resources and capabilities to combat it. Through our shared mission and purpose, our employees around the world are propelling us forward on behalf of the patients and customers who depend on us.
Rooted in Our Credo, our response to this evolving pandemic continues to focus on adapting our work environment, policies and benefits to support our employees in balancing their personal and professional responsibilities and prioritizing emotional, mental and physical health and well-being:
• For many of our employees who are able to work from home, we asked them to do so and expanded our resources to support them.
• For employees who work in research and development, manufacturing, distribution centers, and other important areas that require on-site presence, we implemented procedures to reduce the risk of transmission including enhanced cleaning and disinfecting procedures, social distancing protocols, the use of personal protective equipment and the addition of physical barriers.
• We offered additional resources to those unable to work due to the pandemic and expanded our support of flexible work arrangements globally.
• We expanded our telemedicine resources, mental health counseling services, and exercise reimbursement programs to support our employees’ physical and mental health during the pandemic.
• We introduced a paid leave program for our medical staff who want to volunteer on the frontlines against COVID-19.
Our Communities
We are delivering critical support for communities and health workers on the frontlines. I