Sustainability, each being led by a new director. Each committee continues to be comprised solely of independent directors. You can see more details on our committee composition and changes on pages 23 and 24 of this Proxy Statement.
In direct response to what we heard during the course of this year’s shareholder engagement meetings, this year we are including a chart setting out the key skills of our Board. We are hopeful that this chart will provide shareholders with an easier format to view the collective skills and experience that enable our Board to provide strong governance and oversight to serve our shareholders.
Some investors suggested in our dialogues that, as a matter of principle, the roles of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer should be separate at all public companies. For the reasons set out in our response to the shareholder proposal on page 88 of this Proxy Statement, the Board continues to have strong conviction that the current structure of combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, along with the establishment of a robust Lead Independent Director, works best for Johnson & Johnson and its shareholders at this time. I believe I was able to provide the investors with whom I met a better understanding of my role as Lead Director, how I interact with the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and other directors, and my ongoing practice of active engagement with shareholders. The Board continues to monitor developments, but believes it is critically important from a governance perspective that it retain appropriate flexibility and sole authority to determine who serves as Chairman of our company at any given point in time.
I encourage you to read more about our Board, robust governance structures and practices, and compensation programs in this Proxy Statement. Please also consider our recommendations to the proposals in this Proxy Statement. We encourage you to vote your shares in line with the Board’s recommendations.
We value your engagement and thank you for your continued support and investment in Johnson & Johnson .
Sincerely,
Anne M. Mulcahy
Lead Director
2017 Proxy Statement - 3
Table of Contents
A MESSAGE FROM OUR LEAD DIRECTOR
2017 PROXY STATEMENT – SUMMARY
Voting Overview
Item 1: Election of Directors
Nominees
Board Composition and Director Nomination Process
Board Leadership Structure
Director Independence
Shareholder Outreach
Risk Oversight
Additional Governance Features
Board Committees
Board Meetings and Processes
Related Party Transactions
Stock Ownership and Section 16 Compliance
Director Compensation
COMPENSATION OF EXECUTIVES
Item 2: Advisory Vote on Frequency of Voting to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation
Item 3: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation
Compensation Committee Report