environmental, social and governance (ESG) priorities. These practices drive value creation by building stakeholder trust, driving innovation, mitigating risk, increasing productivity, and fostering employee engagement.
As a member of the Executive Committee since 2016, I have had the privilege of working closely with the diverse, experienced and independent members of our Board of Directors as well as our incredibly strong and committed executive leadership team. Guided and supported by these relationships, our strategic focus for the year ahead is centered on three priorities:
Driving our MedTech business to become a best-in-class performer . In 2021, we enhanced the competitiveness of our MedTech business, with eleven platforms that are worth over $1 billion. Almost all our priority platforms are holding or gaining share. Looking ahead, we are committed to continuing to improve execution, while also increasing the cadence of innovation with a focus on organic and inorganic expansion into higher growth markets and market segments. Together, the capabilities and synergies of our MedTech and Pharmaceutical businesses will constitute a new Johnson & Johnson that is uniquely positioned to accelerate growth, bring differentiated therapies that span both segments, and offer new levels of integrated, comprehensive care to patients worldwide.
Ensuring the successful creation of the New Consumer Health Company as a standalone industry leader. In keeping with our commitment to take bold actions to evolve our business for the future, we announced the planned separation of our businesses into two leading, publicly traded companies in November 2021. Our Consumer Health business grew competitively last year and has made significant progress in improving its margin profile over the last few years. We continue to believe that operating as two standalone companies will advance more targeted business strategies, accelerate growth, and deliver improved outcomes for both patients and consumers, which ultimately will deliver greater value to shareholders.
I want to end by thanking you for your continued trust and confidence in our Company. I am deeply honored to be the eighth CEO of Johnson & Johnson and to serve as a member of the Company’s Board. I look forward to leading our more than 140,000 employees and working with my fellow Directors to advance Our Credo and Our Purpose to address the world's toughest health challenges, while driving value for our shareholders.
Sincerely,
Joaquin Duato
Chief Executive Officer
Advancing our global leadership in Pharmaceuticals. We are building upon our strong Pharmaceutical portfolio and promising pipeline to position us to continue delivering above-market growth rates and to manage through potential patent expiries as we have done in the past. We are laser-focused on our long-term goal of growing to a $60 billion segment by 2025.
2 2022 Proxy Statement
A Message from Our Lead Director
Dear fellow shareholders,
As our 2022 Annual Meeting draws near, it is my distinct pleasure as your Lead Director to outline the efforts of the Board of Directors to provide robust, independent oversight in furtherance of your interests. Always guided by Our Credo values, members of the Board leverage their diverse backgrounds, skills and experiences to oversee strategy and evaluate performance to ensure the long-term, sustainable success of Johnson & Johnson.
We see opportunity in challenging times.
We find ourselves in a period of great change, both inside and outside the Company. Consistent with Johnson & Johnson’s century-plus history of responding to some of the most pressing healthcare challenges, the Company and the Board embrace the opportunity to continue to adapt and evolve to manage risk, drive growth, and, most significantly, meaningfully advance Our Purpose to blend our heart, science and ingenuity to profoundly change the trajectory of health for humanity. As leaders of the world’s largest healthcare company, we consider it a core responsibility of the Board to capitalize on the Company’s position of strength to guide Johnson & Johnson both to address the pressing concerns of today, including through continued efforts relating to the COVID-19 pandemic as further described on page 11 of this Proxy Statement, and to be prepared to meet the challenges of tomorrow. With this responsibility in mind, the Board oversaw many strategic developments in 2021, including the decision to separate our Consumer Health business and appoint a new Chief Executive Officer.
We provide engaged, independent oversight of Johnson & Johnson’s long-term strategy.
The Board works closely with senior management to formulate and oversee the Company’s long-term strategy to ensure that Johnson & Johnson is positioned to lead in an ever-changing global healthcare landscape. In 2021, we worked in close coordination with senior management to formulate and execute on several key strategic imperatives, including the announcement of our plans to create two global leading companies that are better positioned to accelerate innovation, serve patients and consumers and pursue more targeted business strategies through the anticipated separation of our Consumer Health business. The Board is excited about the prospects of enabling Johnson & Johnson to remain committed to developing life-saving and life-changing solutions in the Pharmaceutical and MedTech spaces, while simultaneously creating a leading, independent Consumer Health company with the agility and speed to effectively address the needs of its consumers. Consistent with the Board’s role of robust, independent oversight, we have formed a Special Committee to oversee the separation.
The onset of 2022 also brought the culmination of thoughtful long-term succession planning, with the appointment of Joaquin Duato as Chief Executive Officer and Director, as well as the promotion of several new members to the Executive Committee. The Board appreciates the critical nature of smooth management transitions and is thrilled at the prospect of working even more closely with Joaquin, a proven Credo-driven leader with a 30-year track record of integrity and business success at Johnson & Johnson. We greatly appreciate Alex Gorsky’s ongoing commitment to Johnson & Johnson as part of the transition through his role as Executive Chairman and are confident that the Company has the right leadership to seize the moment and lead the Company into the future.
We value shareholder feedback and continually ensure our Directors bring diverse experiences and skills to bear.
As Lead Director, I relish the opportunity to engage with shareholders and other key stakeholders, and I consider it a core responsibility to share insights gleaned from these conversations
with my fellow Directors. Building on that feedback, we seek to deepen our commitment to a diversity of perspectives and experiences in our Boardroom. This year, the Board is pleased to introduce Mr. Darius Adamczyk, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Honeywell International Inc. Darius is a skilled CEO of a complex, multinational conglomerate that operates at the critically relevant intersection of technology and manufacturing, and we are confident that his remarkable leadership and experience, particularly with respect to separations, portfolio management and M&A, will drive business success and serve the interest of our shareholders.
The Board also appreciates valuable shareholder feedback on a variety of important corporate governance issues, including with respect to the design of our executive compensation program. We take our responsibility to align management incentives with shareholder outcomes seriously, always seeking to drive management to pursue robust short-term results without ever compromising Our Credo values or sacrificing sustainable long-term growth. We have engaged repeatedly and deeply on this topic, including through a joint meeting of the Compensation & Benefi