Diversity, equity and inclusion
Environmental, social and governance
Exec. comp. recoupment policies
Human capital management
Lead Director duties and responsibilities
Long-term incentives
Notice and access
Patient safety and product quality
Pay for performance
Peer group comparisons
Perquisites
Political spending oversight
Proxy access
Related person transactions
Risk oversight
Severance benefits
Shareholder engagement
Shareholder proposals
Stock ownership requirements:
for non-employee Directors
for executive officers
Voting
Websites and resources
Helpful websites
Other corporate disclosures
2024 Proxy Statement 3
Our Credo
We believe our first responsibility is to the patients, doctors and nurses, to mothers and fathers and all others who use our products and services. In meeting their needs everything we do must be of high quality. We must constantly strive to provide value, reduce our costs and maintain reasonable prices. Customers' orders must be serviced promptly and accurately. Our business partners must have an opportunity to make a fair profit.
We are responsible to our employees who work with us throughout the world. We must provide an inclusive work environment where each person must be considered as an individual. We must respect their diversity and dignity and recognize their merit. They must have a sense of security, fulfillment and purpose in their jobs. Compensation must be fair and adequate and working conditions clean, orderly and safe. We must support the health and well-being of our employees and help them fulfill their family and other personal responsibilities. Employees must feel free to make suggestions and complaints. There must be equal opportunity for employment, development and advancement for those qualified. We must provide highly capable leaders and their actions must be just and ethical.
We are responsible to the communities in which we live and work and to the world community as well. We must help people be healthier by supporting better access and care in more places around the world. We must be good citizens - support good works and charities, better health and education, and bear our fair share of taxes. We must maintain in good order the property we are privileged to use, protecting the environment and natural resources.
Our final responsibility is to our stockholders. Business must make a sound profit. We must experiment with new ideas. Research must be carried on, innovative programs developed, investments made for the future and mistakes paid for. New equipment must be purchased, new facilities provided and new products launched. Reserves must be created to provide for adverse times. When we operate according to these principles, the stockholders should realize a fair return.
A message from our Lead Director
Dear fellow shareholders,
It has been my pleasure to serve as Lead Director of this historic and impactful company since 2012. As I prepare to transition out of the role, there are several notable accomplishments over the last decade but the one that stands out is the 2023 separation of Kenvue Inc. into an independent, publicly traded company. Johnson & Johnson has emerged as a two-segment company with a new brand identity focused exclusively on healthcare and uniquely positioned to lead the next wave of innovation.
Since my service began as Lead Director and during this period of significant change, the Board has maintained its enduring commitment to sound governance and incorporating shareholder feedback, which together have helped position the Company for long-term success.
Completion of the Kenvue separation
Since late 2021, the Board has devoted considerable time to overseeing the planning and execution of the Consumer Health separation. After approving moving forward with preparations for the planned separation, the Board created the Consumer Health Special Committee to review and evaluate terms of the transaction, provide guidance to management and advisors, and make recommendations to the Board.
In May 2023, the Board proudly supported the Company in executing one of the largest and most complex initial public offerings and subsequent separations in history with Kenvue Inc.’s listing on the NYSE. Together with the exchange offer in July, the transaction resulted in $13.2 billion in cash proceeds for the Company and an approximately 7% reduction in the Company’s outstanding shares. This was a historic achievement for the Company and laid a firm foundation for the future as a two-segment company.
Enthusiasm for the next chapter
As the Company looked to the future with an exclusive focus on delivering medicines and medical technologies, the Board, alongside management, began executing on plans for continued long-term growth and success. The Board championed the Company’s investment in data science and digital capabilities as foundational to its innovation goals. Over the last five years, the Company's investment in innovation and growth has amounted to more than $60 billion in research and development,
$30 billion in mergers and acquisitions, and $2 billion in licensing deals.
Leadership transition
With this foundation firmly in place, I could not be more pleased to have Marillyn Hewson assume the role of Lead Director. During the last five years working with Marillyn on the Board, I have observed her strong leadership, thoughtfulness while engaging with shareholders, and commitment to the long-term success of the Company. These attributes will serve the Board, management and our shareholders well for years to come.
Your vote matters
We are extremely excited for Johnson & Johnson’s future, and the Board is unwavering in its support of the Company’s commitment to tackling the world’s toughest health challenges.
In my letter last year, I highlighted the importance of listening to our stakeholders including reviewing our voting results each year. Your vote is important, and on behalf of the Board, I encourage you to review the voting recommendations in this Proxy Statement, and I welcome your perspectives throughout the year.
Sincerely,
Anne Mulcahy
Lead Director
2024 Proxy Statement 5
Living into Our Credo
Since 1943, Our Credo has served as Johnson & Johnson’s moral compass and a durable expression of our values. True to its text, we have found that if we hold ourselves responsible to all with whom we interact – patients, doctors, nurses, employees and our communities – our business will make a sound profit for our shareholders. Johnson & Johnson is the world's largest, most diversified healthcare products company, and with that comes significant responsibility – we have the expertise and reach to advance progress on some of the most difficult global health challenges. We therefore strive each year to make meaningful contributions to each of the pillars memorialized in Our Credo, including the following:
Meeting the needs of patients, doctors and nurses
Delivering on our commitment to product access Responsible to our patients Supporting those who use and deliver our products
~800,000
courses of SIRTURO, our multi-drug resistant tuberculosis treatment, delivered to patients since 2014.
>2.4 billion
doses of Vermox delivered since 2006 treating up to
100 million
women of reproductive age and children annually for soil-transmitted helminths.
>1 million
healthcare workers trained and reached in the last three years.
Empowering our employees
Providing opportunity for development and advancement Supporting health and well-being Connecting talent from within
Develop
Promoted personal and career development by hosting our first dedicated Global Learning Day for all employees.
Support
Extended additional leave benefits for employees to support caregiving (10 days), bereavement for immediate family members (30 days) and community volunteering (4 days).
Grow
In 2023, ~4,000 short-term assignments filled, enabling employees to upskill in new substantive areas, and ~1,700 mentor/mentee matches occurred.
Enrichin