environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.
First, in my message last year, I emphasized how the Board has incorporated shareholder feedback on our executive compensation program, and this vigilance continues. Our executive compensation program is carefully designed to align management incentives with shareholder outcomes, and the Board continues to review and
engage on that structure, remaining steadfastly focused on driving management to prioritize robust growth without compromising long-term value. The management team remains focused on responsibly addressing the litigation challenges facing the Company, while always adhering to Our Credo values and remaining focused on the well-being of patients. The Board’s Compensation & Benefits Committee maintains the discretion to modify compensation of executives, and we consistently heard from shareholders that this discretion is fundamental to our responsibility to ensure that incentives and compensation are appropriately aligned with financial performance and Our Credo. I encourage you to review our enhanced executive compensation disclosure at page 59, which describes in detail our process improvements, including formalized collaboration between the Compensation & Benefits Committee and the Audit Committee.
Second, our oversight of ESG matters continues to evolve as
these issues become increasingly important to our stakeholders, including our regulators. During our annual review of how the Board evaluates and mitigates risk, we concluded that our revamped Regulatory Compliance & Sustainability Committee is best positioned to oversee certain ESG matters alongside other complementary compliance matters. In turn, the Science & Technology Committee now oversees medical safety and devotes even greater attention to the Company’s product pipeline and evaluation of innovative technologies. We believe this restructuring helps ensure that our governance structure reflects the most important issues and opportunities facing the Company.
Gratitude for departing directors and enthusiasm for the future.
This year marks the retirement of Alex Gorsky, who served with great distinction as our CEO and Chairman of the Board. Alex has been a transformational leader for the Company, always guided by Our Credo while driving us forward. Johnson & Johnson – and Kenvue – will benefit from his leadership and vision long into the future, and the Board sincerely thanks him for his service and the legacy he leaves.
We also celebrate the retirement of our long-serving directors Ian Davis and A. Eugene Washington. Their steady hands have made Johnson & Johnson a stronger company, and they will be missed personally and professionally.
On February 14, we welcomed Paula Johnson, President of Wellesley College, to our Board. She is an impressive leader, physician-scientist, and educator, with expertise in improving health outcomes for patients around the globe and we look forward to her contributions.
These changes bring a new era for the Company, as the Board recognizes that strong talent development and succession planning is critical to the growth and evolution of the Company. The beginning of 2023 marked Joaquin Duato’s appointment as our Chairman in addition to his role as CEO. The Board of Directors takes very seriously its responsibility for succession planning and Board refreshment, and we engaged in a thorough review in reaching this decision. Our current Board structure – with an independent Lead Director and main Committees comprising entirely independent directors – provides robust independent leadership and oversight. We have the utmost confidence in Joaquin and believe that in this circumstance combined CEO and Chairman roles provides the best foundation for the long-term success of the Company.
Your vote matters.
2023 will be a year of great change at the Company, perhaps more than any year in its storied history. Yet amidst great change, much remains the same – we are a company dedicated to our patients, loyal to our employees, responsible to our communities, and in the service of our shareholders. And I have never been more excited for our future.
Your vote is important, and on behalf of the full Board, I encourage you to review the voting recommendations in this Proxy Statement and I welcome your perspectives throughout the year.
Sincerely,
Anne Mulcahy
Lead Director
2023 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
A Message from Our Lead Director Index of Frequently Requested Information (alphabetical)
2023 Proxy Statement — Summary
Voting Overview and Vote Recommendations of Board — Items of Business
Corporate Governance Highlights
Board of Directors 141
Annual Meeting Attendance
ITEM 1: Election of Directors
Anti-Pledging, Hedging Policy
Director Nomination Process, Board Refreshment and Board Composition 126
Auditor Fees
Nominees 125
Auditor Tenure
Board Leadership Structure 13
Board Evaluation
Board Committees 21
Board Leadership Structure
Board Meetings and Processes 29
Board Meeting Attendance
Board Oversight of Strategy 115
CEO Pay Ratio
Oversight of Risk 72
CEO Performance Evaluation
Oversight of ESG 86
Compensation Consultant
Oversight of Human Capital Management 9
Compensation Summary
Shareholder Engagement 10
Corporate Governance Highlights
Director Independence 15
Director Biographies
Related Person Transactions 47
Director Independence
Stock Ownership and Section 16 Compliance 10
Director Overboarding Policy
Director Compensation 12
Director Qualifications
Compensation of Executives 41
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
ITEM 2: Advisory Vote to Approve Named Executive Officer Compensation
Exec. Comp. Recoupment Policy
Compensation Committee Report 40
Human Capital Management