climate change. We worked to support them, while remaining true to our fundamental business principles and commitment to building long-term value for our shareholders.
The Board recognizes that long-term strong performance requires disciplined focus on the factors that drive performance and continued investment in products, technology and people who will lead the firm in the future. We have continued to prioritize management development and succession, growing senior leaders, and overseeing plans to give them greater responsibility and broader exposure to firmwide issues. We have built a deep bench of potential leaders who can execute the firm’s strategy and enhance our strong culture. This was illustrated clearly as Gordon Smith, co-President and Chief Operating Office and CEO of Consumer & Community Banking (“CCB”) retired, Daniel Pinto was appointed sole President and Chief Operating Officer, Marianne Lake and Jennifer Piepszak were appointed co-heads of CCB, Jeremy Barnum succeeded Jenn as CFO and the Firm expanded the Operating Committee. As part of our long-term executive retention and succession planning, we also granted special awards to Mr. Dimon and Mr. Pinto. These awards reflect our desire for them to continue their outstanding leadership in their respective roles.
More broadly, we are guided by the firm’s core business principles – exceptional client service, a commitment to integrity, fairness and responsibility, operational excellence and a great team and winning culture. We hold management accountable for developing strategic priorities that will reinforce these principles. In the past year, we added a Sustainable Business Practices tenet to the Firm’s strategic framework, in recognition of the importance of investing in and supporting our communities, integrating sustainability into business and operating decisions, serving a diverse customer base and promoting sound governance. In furtherance of our commitments to sustainable business practices, the Firm announced a ten-year target to finance and facilitate $1 trillion for climate action, as part of a $2.5
trillion target for sustainable development, and deployed or committed more than $18 billion towards our $30 billion goal to advance racial equity and promote inclusive growth.
Through our oversight of the strategic planning process, we also hold management accountable to navigate change and drive innovation while maintaining a strong risk and control environment. In today’s rapidly changing business space, it is critical that we keep pace with innovations in technology and investments in our business offerings. New technologies are changing the way we operate our business, the products and services we offer and even the way we engage with our clients. And the environment in 2021 offered the opportunity to complement our product offerings through acquisitions and investments. Board discussions have focused on what will contribute to the Firm’s future success, including thoughtful investments in technology, acquisitions and the continued identification and retention of top talent.
We are committed to maintaining a vital Board in the future. Our ongoing board recruitment process enables us to build a strong pipeline of prospective directors. We are seeking to recruit those candidates who will contribute to the Board’s balance of skills, experience, personal attributes and tenure and we are developing relationships with near-term and long-term prospective candidates. We also adopted enhancements to our policies that, building on the robust Lead Independent Director role, consider shareholder concerns and allow the Board to make the best decision on leadership structure at the time of the next CEO succession.
We are optimistic about the future and look forward to continuing to deliver value to our customers, shareholders and stakeholders. On behalf of the entire board, we are grateful for your support of the Board and the Firm.
James Dimon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Stephen B. Burke
Lead Independent Director
Table of Contents
Notice of 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement
DATE Tuesday, May 17, 2022
TIME 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time
ACCESS The 2022 Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual meeting format only, via the Internet. If you plan to participate in the virtual meeting, please see “Information about the annual shareholder meeting.” Shareholders will be able to attend, vote, examine the stockholders list and submit questions (both before, and for a portion of, the meeting) from any location via the Internet. Shareholders may participate online by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/JPM2022.
We encourage you to submit your proxy prior to the annual meeting.
RECORD DATE March 18, 2022
MATTERS TO BE • Election of Directors
VOTED ON • Advisory resolution to approve executive compensation
• Ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2022
• Shareholder proposals, if they are properly introduced at the meeting
• Any other matters that may properly be brought before the meeting
By order of the Board of Directors
John H. Tribolati
Secretary
April 4, 2022
YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT TO US. PLEASE VOTE PROMPTLY.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. uses the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) rule permitting companies to furnish proxy materials to their shareholders via the Internet. In accordance with this rule, on or about April 4, 2022, we sent to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 18, 2022, a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (“Notice”), which includes instructions on how to access our 2022 Proxy Statement and 2021 Annual Report online, and how to vote online for the 2022 Annual Shareholder Meeting.
If you received a Notice and would like to receive a printed copy of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions for requesting such materials included in the Notice.
To be admitted to the annual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/JPM2022, you must enter the control number found on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice you previously received. See “Information about the annual shareholder meeting” on page 104. At the virtual meeting site, you may follow the instructions to vote, access the stockholders list and ask questions before or during the meeting.
If you hold your shares through a broker, your shares will not be voted unless (i) you provide voting instructions or (ii) the matter is one for which brokers have discretionary authority to vote. Of the matters to be voted on at the annual meeting, the only one for which brokers have discretionary authority to vote is