sustainability and reduce our environmental impact. Our 2020 initiatives included a commitment to align certain financing activities with the goals of the Paris Agreement, financing of more than $220 billion for transactions that advance the United Nations Sustainable Development goals and completion of the Firm’s inaugural green bond issuance of $1 billion.
Your dedicated directors are committed to these objectives and to maintaining a vital Board in the future. This year, we remained focused on our Board’s future. In December, we were fortunate to add Phebe Novakovic, Chairman and CEO of General Dynamics, to our Board and are pleased to nominate her for election by shareholders at the annual meeting. She brings to the Board an impressive combination of skills, experience and personal qualities that will serve our shareholders, the Firm, and the Board well.
We would also like to take this opportunity to again thank Lee Raymond, who retired from the Board in December 2020. We benefited greatly from his insights and contributions as a director and a trusted advisor. We all
Table of Contents
share his optimism about JPMorgan’s future and Steve Burke is honored to succeed Lee as Lead Independent Director in working with our Board and management to deliver on that.
We look forward to continuing to deliver value to our customers, shareholders, and stakeholders. On behalf of the entire board, we are grateful for your support of the Board and the Firm.
James Dimon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Stephen B. Burke
Lead Independent Director
Table of Contents
Notice of 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement
DATE Tuesday, May 18, 2021
TIME 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time
ACCESS The 2021 Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual meeting format only, via the Internet. If you plan to participate in the virtual meeting, please see “Information about the annual shareholder meeting.” Shareholders will be able to attend, vote, examine the stockholders list and submit questions (both before, and for a portion of, the meeting) from any location via the Internet. Shareholders may participate online by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/JPM2021.
We encourage you to submit your proxy prior to the annual meeting.
RECORD DATE March 19, 2021
MATTERS TO BE • Election of Directors
VOTED ON • Advisory resolution to approve executive compensation
• Approval of Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Plan effective May 18, 2021
• Ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2021
• Shareholder proposals, if they are properly introduced at the meeting
• Any other matters that may properly be brought before the meeting
By order of the Board of Directors
John H. Tribolati
Secretary
April 7, 2021
YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT TO US. PLEASE VOTE PROMPTLY.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. uses the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) rule permitting companies to furnish proxy materials to their shareholders via the Internet. In accordance with this rule, on or about April 7, 2021, we sent to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 19, 2021, a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (“Notice”), which includes instructions on how to access our 2021 Proxy Statement and 2020 Annual Report online, and how to vote online for the 2021 Annual Shareholder Meeting.
If you received a Notice and would like to receive a printed copy of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions for requesting such materials included in the Notice.
To be admitted to the annual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/JPM2021, you must enter the control number found on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice you previously received. See “Information about the annual shareholder meeting” on page 107. At the virtual meeting site, you may follow the instructions to vote, access the stockholders list and ask questions before or during the meeting.
If you hold your shares through a broker, your shares will not be voted unless (i) you provide voting instructions or (ii) the matter is one for which brokers have discretionary authority to vote. Of the matters to be voted on at the annual meeting, the only one for which brokers have discretionary authority to vote is