sustainability of our institution. One such area is Artificial Intelligence (AI), which is revolutionizing the world around us. While the full impact of AI on our business remains to be seen, we recognize its potential to transform every aspect of our operations. To capitalize on this and other groundbreaking technological advances, we are making strategic investments in resources and expertise, positioning the Firm for success in a rapidly changing competitive landscape. Concurrently, we are taking steps to prevent unintended misuse of AI and to mitigate potential cybersecurity risks.
In addition, the Board is actively overseeing the Firm's efforts in addressing climate change and promoting diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI). As a global financial institution, we play a crucial role in supporting our clients' decarbonization strategies and helping to address the broader challenges of transitioning to a low-carbon economy. We are committed to making informed decisions based on the best interests of our Firm and clients, rather than adhering to simplistic statements or arbitrary rules. Furthermore, we firmly believe in the value of DEI, both as a moral imperative and as a
Table of Contents
strategic driver of success. By fostering a diverse and inclusive workforce, we enable innovation, smarter decision-making, and better financial results for our business and the economy as a whole. We continue to work closely with management to promote equal treatment, opportunity and access throughout our organization.
Our company’s success is built upon the efforts of thousands of employees, our superb senior management team and our outstanding Board members. And it is with a heavy heart that
we remember one such Board member, our colleague and friend, Jim Crown, who served as a member of our Board of Directors from 2004 until his unexpected passing last year. His wisdom and spirit are profoundly missed.
We look forward to continuing to deliver value to our customers, shareholders and stakeholders while remaining firm in our business principles. On behalf of the entire Board, we are grateful for your support of the Board and the Firm.
James Dimon
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Stephen B. Burke
Lead Independent Director
Table of Contents
Notice of 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and Proxy Statement
DATE Tuesday, May 21, 2024
TIME 10:00 a.m. Eastern Time
ACCESS The 2024 Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual meeting format, via the Internet. If you plan to participate in the virtual meeting, please see “Information about the annual shareholder meeting.” Shareholders will be able to attend, vote and submit questions (both before, and for a portion of, the meeting) via the Internet and will be able to examine the shareholder list before the meeting. Shareholders may participate online by logging in at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/JPM2024.
We encourage you to submit your proxy prior to the annual meeting.
RECORD DATE March 22, 2024
MATTERS TO BE • Election of directors
VOTED ON • Advisory resolution to approve executive compensation
• Approval of amended and restated long-term incentive plan effective May 21, 2024
• Ratification of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for 2024
• Shareholder proposals, if they are properly introduced at the meeting
• Any other matters that may properly be brought before the meeting
By order of the Board of Directors
John H. Tribolati
Secretary
April 8, 2024
YOUR VOTE IS IMPORTANT TO US. PLEASE VOTE PROMPTLY.
JPMorgan Chase & Co. uses the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”) rule permitting companies to furnish proxy materials to their shareholders via the Internet. In accordance with this rule, on or about April 8, 2024, we sent to shareholders of record at the close of business on March 22, 2024, a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (“Notice”), which includes instructions on how to access our 2024 Proxy Statement and 2023 Annual Report online, and how to vote online for the 2024 Annual Shareholder Meeting.
If you received a Notice and would like to receive a printed copy of our proxy materials, please follow the instructions for requesting such materials included in the Notice.
To be admitted to the annual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/JPM2024, you must enter the control number found on your proxy card, voting instruction form or Notice you previously received. See “Information about the annual shareholder meeting” on page 107 . At the virtual meeting site, you may follow the instructions to vote and ask questions before or during the meeting.
If you hold your shares through a broker, your shares will not be voted unless (i) you provide voting instructions or (ii) the matter is one for which brokers have discretionary authority to vote. Of the matters to be voted on at the annual meeting, the only one for which brokers have discretionary authority to vote is