diversity, equity, and inclusion (DEI) are critical components of how we do business. We take a holistic approach because we’re a stronger company when we have a workforce of top talent from different backgrounds—people who are respected, valued, welcomed, and heard. To fulfill our purpose, we must look at challenges from multiple viewpoints and understand the diverse experiences of the patients who depend on us. In short, our differences make a difference—to patients and to our business.
Our board recognizes that one of its key responsibilities is to ensure that Lilly is governed in a manner that provides both independent oversight and efficient and effective decision-making. Our chief executive officer brings to the role of chair of our board substantial strategic and operational perspectives and a unique understanding of Lilly's opportunities and challenges. This familiarity with our business, as well as extensive experience and leadership in our industry, positions our CEO to establish the agenda and drive strategy at the board level. Further, our lead independent director, currently CEO of a Fortune 100 company, elucidates an "outside in" analysis of company decisions and performance, maintains frequent contact with our chair to ensure a productive partnership between our independent directors and management, and leads our independent directors in their important oversight function.
Our board continues to prioritize meaningful engagement with our shareholders and other key stakeholders. Since our 2021 annual meeting, we have spoken with a number of investors on an array of subjects, including: board leadership; environmental social and governance topics; drug pricing transparency and global access to our products; product quality and safety; key enterprise risks; executive compensation; DEI; and human capital management.
We appreciate the thoughtful and constructive feedback that we receive from our stakeholders. As a result of this input, as in past years, the board is putting forward management proposals at the Annual Meeting to eliminate the classified board structure and supermajority voting requirements in our articles of incorporation. In addition, the board is putting forward a management proposal to amend our articles of incorporation to provide shareholders the ability to amend our bylaws.
We remain committed to serving you and the millions of patients around the world whose lives it is our mission to make better. We look forward to welcoming you at the Annual Meeting.
Sincerely,
David A. Ricks Juan Luciano
Chair, President, and CEO Lead Independent Director
Table of Contents
Notice of 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Proxy Statement Summary
Governance
Item 1 - Election of Directors
Board Operations and Governance
Director Qualifications and Nomination Process
Director Compensation
Director Independence
Committees of the Board of Directors
Membership and Meetings of the Board and Its Committees
Board Oversight of Strategy, Compliance , and Risk Management
Highlights of the Company's Corporate Governance
Communication with the Board of Directors
Shareholder Engagement on Governance Issues
Management Proposals to Eliminate Classified Board , to Eliminate Supermajority Voting Provisions , and to Give Shareholders the Ability to Amend Bylaws
Shareholder Proposals
Shareholder Recommendations and Nominations for Director Candidates
Ownership of Company Stock 36
Compensation 37
Item 2 - Advisory Vote on Compensation Paid to Named Executive Officers
Compensation Committee Matters