corporate responsibility.
ü Our board oversees compliance and enterprise risk management practices.
We have a comprehensive code of ethical and legal business conduct applicable to our board and all employees worldwide. This code is reviewed and approved annually by the board.
We have a supplemental code for our CEO and all members of financial management, in recognition of their unique responsibilities to ensure proper accounting, financial reporting, internal controls, and financial stewardship.
ü We have strong governance and disclosure of corporate political spending.
ü We have transparent public policy engagement.
ü We have meaningful stock ownership guidelines for our directors and executive officers.
Compensation
Further Information
Item 2 : Advisory Vote on Compensation Paid to Named Executive Officers
See page 34
Management recommendation
Vote required
to pass
Item 2
Approve, by non-binding vote, compensation paid to the company's named executive officers
Vote FOR
Majority of
votes cast
Our Executive Compensation Programs Reflect Best Practices
We have had strong shareholder support of compensation practices: in 2017, over 97 percent of shares cast voted in favor of our executive compensation.
Our compensation programs are designed to align with shareholder interests and link pay to performance through a blend of short- and long-term performance measures.
Our Compensation Committee annually reviews compensation programs to ensure they provide incentives to deliver long-term, sustainable business results while discouraging excessive risk-taking or other adverse behaviors.
We have a broad compensation recovery policy that applies to all executives and covers a wide range of misconduct.
Our executive officers are subject to robust stock ownership guidelines and are prohibited from hedging or pledging their company stock.
We do not have "top hat" retirement plans—supplemental plans are open to all employees and are limited to restoring benefits lost due to IRS limits on qualified plans.
We do not provide tax gross-ups to executive officers (except for limited gross-ups related to international assignments).
We have a very restrictive policy on perquisites.
Our severance plans related to change-in-control generally require a double trigger.
We do not have employment agreements with any of our executive officers.
Executive Compensation Summary for 2017
At the time the total target compensation was established at the end of 2016, target compensation for our named executive officers (the five officers whose compensation is disclosed in this proxy statement) was in the middle range of the company's peer group. Incentive compensation programs paid at or above target, consistent with the company's strong performance in 2017.
Pay for Performance
As described in the Compensation Disclosures and Analysis (CD&A), we link our incentive pay programs to a balanced mix of measures on three dimensions of company performance: operating performance; progress with our innovation pipeline; and shareholder return (both absolute and relative).
The summary below highlights how our incentive pay programs align with company performance. Please also see Appendix A for adjustments that were made to revenue and EPS for incentive compensation programs.
2017 Annual Cash Bonus Multiple
The company exceeded its annual cash bonus targets for revenue, EPS, and pipeline progress.
*Performance goal multiples are capped at 2.0.
2017 Performance Award Multiple
We met the EPS growth targets under our Performance Award program, which has targets based on expected EPS growth of peer companies over a two-year period. This performance resulted in a Performance Award payout at target.
2017 Shareholder Value Award Multiple
Our stock price growth was in the target range (16.2% to 26.6%) under our Shareholder Value Award program, which is based on expected large-cap company returns over a three-year period. This performance resulted in a Shareholder Value Award payout at target.
Audit Matters
Further Information
Item 3 :