corporate responsibility.
ü Our board oversees compliance and enterprise risk management practices.
ü We have a comprehensive code of ethical and legal business conduct applicable to our board and all
employees worldwide. This code is reviewed and approved annually by the board.
ü We have a supplemental code for our CEO and all members of financial management, in recognition of their unique responsibilities to ensure proper accounting, financial reporting, internal controls, and financial stewardship.
ü We have strong governance and disclosure of corporate political spending.
ü We have transparent public policy engagement.
ü We have meaningful stock ownership and retention guidelines for our directors and executive officers.
Compensation
Item 2: Advisory Vote on Compensation Paid
to Named Executive Officers
Further information see page 31
Management recommendation
Vote FOR
Vote required to pass
Majority of votes cast
Our Executive Compensation Programs Reflect Best Practices
We have had strong shareholder support of our compensation practices: in 2018, over 97 percent of shares cast voted in favor of our executive compensation programs.
Our compensation programs are designed to align with shareholder interests and link pay to performance through a blend of short- and long-term performance measures.
Our Compensation Committee annually reviews our compensation programs to ensure they provide incentives to deliver long-term, sustainable business results while discouraging excessive risk-taking or other adverse behaviors.
We have a broad compensation recovery policy that applies to all executives and covers a wide range of misconduct.
Our executive officers are subject to robust stock ownership and retention guidelines and are prohibited from hedging or pledging their company stock.
We do not have "top hat" retirement plans—supplemental plans are open to all employees and are limited to restoring benefits lost due to IRS limits on qualified plans.
We do not provide tax gross-ups to executive officers (except for limited gross-ups related to international assignments).
We have a very restrictive policy on perquisites.
Our severance plans related to change-in-control generally require a double trigger.
We do not have employment agreements with any of our executive officers.
Executive Compensation Summary for 2018
At the time the total target compensation was established at the end of 2017, target compensation for our named executive officers (the six officers whose compensation is disclosed in this proxy statement) was in the middle range of the company's peer group. Incentive compensation payouts exceeded target, consistent with the company's strong performance in 2018.
Pay for Performance
As described in the