environmental, social, and governance topics including drug pricing, product quality, and safety; our board and corporate culture; litigation and key enterprise risks; the company's executive compensation; and proxy access, among other topics. As a result of input from stakeholders, we recently amended the company's bylaws to include proxy access provisions. Further, this year, as in past years, the board is putting forward management proposals to eliminate the classified board structure and supermajority voting provisions.
We are dedicated to effective oversight of our business and believe that governance is key to the board's oversight of our long-term performance, strategy, key risks, and compliance. Our board believes independence is essential to strong corporate governance. Having both an executive chair and a strong, lead independent director is important in balancing inputs. Our chief executive officer provides strong operational leadership coupled with a long-term strategic agenda. This is vital to our innovative research and development business with prolonged product development cycles. Further, the lead independent director, currently a chief executive officer for a Fortune 100 company, drives an “outside in” analysis of company decisions and performance and leads our independent directors in their important oversight function.
We remain committed to serving you and the millions of patients around the world whose lives it is our mission to make better. We look forward to seeing you at the 2020 Annual Meeting of Shareholders.
Sincerely,
David A. Ricks Juan Luciano
Chairman, President, and CEO Lead Independent Director
Table of Contents
Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Proxy Statement Summary
Governance
P 10
Item 1 - Election of Directors
P 10
Board Operations and Governance
P 10
Director Qualifications and Nomination Process
P 20
Director Compensation
P 21
Director Independence
P 23
Committees of the Board of Directors
P 24
Membership and Meetings of the Board and Its Committees
P 25
Board Oversight of Compliance and Risk Management
P 27
Highlights of the Company's Corporate Governance
P 27
Shareholder Engagement on Governance Issues
P 31
Management Proposals to Eliminate Classified Board and Supermajority Voting Provisions
P 32
Shareholder Proposals and Nominations
P 32
Ownership of Company Stock
P 33
Compensation
P 34
Item 2 - Advisory Vote on Compensation Paid to Named Executive Officers
P 34
Compensation Committee Matters
P 35