human capital management efforts, diversity and inclusion programs and initiatives, Board composition, environmental sustainability and our corporate governance and executive compensation
practices.
Focus on Operating
Responsibly and Sustainably: The Board is focused on providing strong oversight of Lowe’s corporate responsibility efforts. The full Board provides oversight of overall sustainability risks, and the
Sustainability Committee of the Board directly oversees Lowe’s corporate sustainability strategies. Our sustainability strategies and goals are based on commitments across three pillars: Our People & Our Communities, Product Sustainability
and Operational Excellence. We are proud to share that we have committed to setting a science based net-zero target in 2022.
We value your continued engagement and support for Lowe’s. We encourage you to vote your shares at our Annual Meeting on Friday, May 27, 2022.
Sincerely,
Marvin R. Ellison
Chairman,
President and Chief Executive Officer
Richard W. Dreiling
Lead
Independent Director
Adjusted diluted earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to
Appendix A for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.
Table of Contents
LOWE’S COMPANIES, INC.
1000 Lowes Boulevard
Mooresville, North Carolina 28117
(704) 758-1000
Notice of 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
April 14, 2022
The 2022 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (the “Company”) will be held online via audio webcast
at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on Friday, May 27, 2022 at www. . virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LOW2022, for the purpose of voting on the following
matters:
To elect the 11 candidates nominated by the Board of Directors and named in the Proxy Statement for election as directors;
To approve, on an advisory basis, the Company’s named executive officer compensation in fiscal 2021;
To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for
fiscal 2022;
To approve the Amended and Restated Lowe’s Companies, Inc. 2006 Long Term Incentive Plan;
To consider and vote upon five shareholder proposals set forth in the accompanying Proxy Statement, if properly presented at the Annual
Meeting; and
To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” each of the director nominees in