Sustainability Efforts: Our Board and its Sustainability Committee continue to play an active role in overseeing our sustainability efforts and greenhouse gas emission reduction strategies, including our goal to reach net-zero emissions across our scope 1, 2 and 3 greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 and related interim targets. In pursuit of these objectives, we are focused on increasing our own operational efficiency and procuring renewable energy as well as partnering with suppliers to decrease scope 3 emissions.
Listening and Responding to Our Shareholders: We continued our robust shareholder engagement program. Our efforts this winter included outreach to 30 investors representing approximately 43% of shares outstanding and meetings with 21 investors, representing approximately 32% of shares outstanding, in line with prior years. We use feedback from these meetings to inform our sustainability and human capital efforts as well as governance and compensation programs. Our robust disclosures and responsive actions reflect how much we value these conversations.
As always, we thank you for your continued investment in Lowe’s, and we look forward to keeping you apprised of our progress and hearing your feedback throughout the coming year. We encourage you to review this year’s Proxy Statement in detail and vote your shares for our Annual Meeting on Friday, May 31, 2024.
Sincerely,
Marvin R. Ellison
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Richard W. Dreiling
Lead Independent Director
* Adjusted operating margin is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to Appendix A for a reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures.
Table of Contents
LOWE’S COMPANIES, INC.
1000 Lowes Boulevard
Mooresville, North Carolina 28117
(704) 758-1000
2024 Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders
April 18, 2024
The 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (the “Company”) will be held online via audio webcast at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on Friday, May 31, 2024 at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LOW2024, for the purpose of voting on the following matters:
To elect the 13 candidates nominated by the Board of Directors and named in the Proxy Statement for election as directors;
To approve, on an advisory basis, the Company’s named executive officer compensation in fiscal 2023;
To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2024; and
To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” each of the director nominees in