human capital management efforts, diversity and inclusion programs and
initiatives, Board composition, environmental sustainability and our corporate governance and executive compensation practices.
Commitment to Corporate Responsibility: Acting in a socially responsible manner is a
cornerstone of our company and fundamental to our success. Our strategy is responsive to the needs of our key stakeholders and focused on promoting sustainability throughout our value chain, improving the health and well-being of our team and
reducing the environmental footprint of our operations. We have a track record of setting and achieving rigorous corporate responsibility goals and will continue to enhance our commitments and expand our focus areas in the years ahead, including
around greenhouse gas emissions, net waste and responsible sourcing of materials.
Embracing Diversity and Inclusion:
At Lowe’s, we are committed to fostering an inclusive culture that enables everyone who touches our business to thrive and contribute to our success. We believe that, by building diverse and inclusive
teams, we drive better ideas, positive business results and improved service through a deeper connection with our customers. We are focused on integrating diversity and inclusion initiatives into our corporate strategy across three key areas:
talent, culture and business.
In closing, we would like to say a special thank you to our shareholders and the over 300,000 associates of Lowe’s who
delivered extraordinary results this year and remain steadfast in their commitment to customer service. As we look forward to 2021, we are excited about the many opportunities ahead.
Sincerely,
Richard W. Dreiling
Chairman of
the Board
Marvin R. Ellison
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Adjusted diluted earnings per share and adjusted operating income are non-GAAP
financial measures. Refer to Appendix B for a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures.
Table of Contents
LOWE’S COMPANIES, INC.
1000 Lowes Boulevard
Mooresville, North Carolina 28117
(704) 758-1000
Notice of 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
April 15, 2021
The 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (the “Company”) will be held virtually via live audio
webcast at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on Friday, May 28, 2021 at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LOW2021, for the purpose of voting on the following matters:
To elect the 11 candidates nominated by the Board of Directors and named in the Proxy Statement for election as directors;
To approve, on an advisory basis, the Company’s named executive officer compensation in fiscal 2020;
To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for
fiscal 2021;
To consider and vote upon one shareholder proposal set forth in the accompanying Proxy Statement, if properly presented at the Annual
Meeting; and
To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” each of the director nominees in