sustainability, we announced our goal to reach net-zero emissions across our full value chain, including scopes 1, 2 and 3 by 2050, in accordance with guidelines from the Science Based Targets initiative. The full Board and the Sustainability Committee of the Board play an active role in overseeing Lowe’s sustainability efforts and emissions reduction strategies.
Leading a Robust Shareholder Engagement Program and Responding to Feedback: In 2022, we continued our robust shareholder engagement program. Our ESG-focused efforts this winter included outreach to 30 investors, representing approximately 43% of shares outstanding at the time of outreach, and meetings with 20 investors, representing approximately 32% of shares outstanding. We use feedback from these meetings to inform our sustainability, human capital, governance and compensation efforts, and many of our recent initiatives and disclosures have been responsive to shareholder dialogue and feedback, including our net-zero target and the release of our EEO-1 data and pay gap analysis.
We value your continued engagement and support for Lowe’s. We encourage you to review this year’s Proxy Statement in detail and vote your shares at our Annual Meeting on Friday, May 26, 2023.
Sincerely,
Marvin R. Ellison
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
Richard W. Dreiling
Lead Independent Director
Table of Contents
LOWE’S COMPANIES, INC.
1000 Lowes Boulevard
Mooresville, North Carolina 28117
(704) 758-1000
Notice of 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
April 13, 2023
The 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “Annual Meeting”) of Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (the “Company”) will be held online via audio webcast at 10:00 a.m., Eastern Time, on Friday, May 26, 2023 at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/LOW2023, for the purpose of voting on the following matters:
To elect the 12 candidates nominated by the Board of Directors and named in the Proxy Statement for election as directors;
To approve, on an advisory basis, the Company’s named executive officer compensation in fiscal 2022;
To vote, on an advisory basis, on the frequency of future advisory votes to approve the Company’s named executive officer compensation;
To ratify the appointment of Deloitte & Touche LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal 2023;
To consider and vote upon one shareholder proposal set forth in the accompanying Proxy Statement, if properly presented at the Annual Meeting; and
To transact such other business as may properly come before the Annual Meeting or any adjournment or postponement thereof.
The Board of Directors unanimously recommends a vote “FOR” each of the director nominees in