sustainability and corporate responsibility. More recently, as the reorganization and turnaround took root, the Company looked to revitalize McDonald’s sustainability vision and to embed it into the markets’ business plans. The 2018 launch of the Scale for Good framework establishes the Company’s commitment to global priorities — beef sustainability, packaging and recycling, commitment to families, investment in people and climate action, which are aligned with our strategy and designed to drive meaningful industry-wide change in areas where McDonald’s global scale and reach can fuel collaboration and action. Beyond these priorities, the Company continues to drive progress on goals across key social and environmental topics such as diversity and inclusion and animal health and welfare.
The Board, Sustainability & Corporate Responsibility Committee and Public Policy & Strategy Committee monitor and provide input on these initiatives and work to raise the bar on what it means to be a responsible organization committed to people and the planet. During the Board’s trip to the UK in 2017, we visited a long-time strategic advisor to McDonald’s at its headquarters — a working farm. We saw firsthand sustainable sourcing innovations for beef and learned from expert farmers and scientists how these solutions can and will address industry-wide climate change challenges and animal welfare issues, among other benefits. Following the farm visit, the Board engaged in a lively discussion on corporate reputation with research experts at Oxford University. These opportunities not only helped to educate the Directors, but continue to inform the discussions that drive the Scale for Good strategy forward.
Ongoing Shareholder Outreach. The Company believes in the importance of feedback from shareholders and management regularly reports to the Board on its engagements with a wide variety of shareholders. Topics of interest from shareholders over the past year have included the Velocity Growth Plan, business and financial performance, governance practices, sustainability initiatives, and the link of the Company’s executive compensation programs to growth strategy. This feedback, as well as voting results from previous annual meetings, are valuable perspectives during our boardroom deliberations.
As seriously as we take our responsibilities as members of the Board of Directors, we enjoy the role of McDonald’s customer most of all. A visit to a McDonald’s restaurant confirms our optimism about the trajectory of McDonald’s and the unrelenting focus on efforts to build and sustain profitable, long-term growth, with each and every meal.
We are honored to serve you, our shareholders. On behalf of the Board of Directors, I thank you for your continued support.
See you at McDonald’s.
Sincerely,
Enrique Hernandez, Jr.
Chairman of the Board
2018 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
NOTICE OF THE ANNUAL
SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING
McDONALD’S CORPORATION
One McDonald’s Plaza, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523
Meeting Time and Date: 9:00 a.m. Central Time on Thursday, May 24, 2018
Meeting Place: The Hyatt Lodge, The Prairie Ballroom, 2815 Jorie Boulevard, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523
To McDonald’s Corporation Shareholders:
McDonald’s Corporation (McDonald’s or the Company) will hold its 2018 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting (Annual Meeting or Annual Shareholders’ Meeting) on Thursday, May 24, 2018, at 9:00 a.m. Central Time at The Hyatt Lodge in The Prairie Ballroom at 2815 Jorie Boulevard, Oak Brook, Illinois 60523. The registration desk will open at 8:00 a.m. At the meeting, shareholders will be asked to consider and vote upon the following proposals:
Items to be voted on
Board voting
recommendation
PROPOSAL
Election of 11 Directors named in the Proxy Statement, each for a one-year term expiring in 2019;
FOR each nominee
PROPOSAL
Advisory vote to approve executive compensation;
PROPOSAL
Advisory vote to approve the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as independent auditor for 2018; and
PROPOSALS
Advisory votes on three shareholder proposals, if properly presented.
AGAINST each
shareholder proposal
In addition, we will transact any other business properly presented at the meeting, including any adjournment or postponement thereof, by or at the direction of the Board of Directors.
Who Can Vote: Shareholders at the close of business on March 26, 2018 (the record date). Each share of common stock is entitled to one vote for each Director and one vote for each other proposal.
How to Listen to the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting: You can listen to a live audiocast of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting at www.investor.mcdonalds.com by clicking on the appropriate link. The audiocast will be available for a limited time after the meeting.
How to Attend the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in Person: If you plan to attend in person, you must pre-register with McDonald’s Shareholder Services in advance. Space is very limited. See page 86 for information about how to pre-register to attend in person.
By order of the Board of Directors,
Jerome N. Krulewitch
Corporate Secretary
Oak Brook, Illinois
April 12, 2018
The Company will provide the Notice of Internet Availability, electronic delivery of the proxy materials or mailing of the 2018 Proxy Statement, the 2017 Annual Report on Form 10-K and a proxy card to shareholders beginning on or about April 12, 2018.
McDonald’s Corporation
Table of Contents
Your vote is important. Please consider the issues presented in this Proxy Statement and vote your shares as promptly as possible.
Important Voting Information: It is important that you vote your shares. Please carefully review the proxy materials and follow the instructions below to cast your vote as soon as possible in advance of the meeting.
Registered
Shareholders
If you hold shares through the Company’s transfer agent, Computershare, please use one of these options to vote:
Internet
www.proxyvote.com
Tablet or
Smartphone
Scan this QR code to vote with your mobile device
Telephone
800-690-6903
Dial toll-free 24/7
Mail
If you received a proxy card by mail, mark, date, sign and return it in the postage-paid envelope furnished for that purpose.
Beneficial Owners
If you hold shares through your bank or brokerage account, please use one of these options to vote:
Internet
www.proxyvote.com
Tablet or
Smartphone
Scan this QR code to vote with your mobile device
Telephone
800-454-8683
Dial toll-free 24/7
Mail
If you received a voting
instruction form by mail,
mark, date, sign and return
it in the postage-paid
envelope furnished for
that purpose.
2018 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
A Letter from the Chairman of the Board
Notice of the Annual Shareholders’ Meeting
Proxy Statement Summary
Voting Matters and Recommendations
Business Strategy and 2017 Performance Highlights
Governance Highlights
Responsible Leadership Highlights
Executive Compensation Highlights
Election of Directors
PROPOSAL
Election of Directors
Director Qualifications
Biographical Information
Board and Governance Matters
Board Leadership
Board Composition and Succession Planning
Board and Committee Evaluations
Selection of New Director Candidates
Board Diversity
Director Orientation and Continuing Education
Director Independence
Meeting Attendance
Executive Sessions
Board Committees
Management Succession Planning
Risk Oversight
Shareholder Engagement
Board’s Response to Shareholder Proposals
Responsible Leadership
Corporate Governance Principles
Code of Conduct for the Board of Directors
Director Compensation
Executive Compensation
PROPOSAL
Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation
Compensation Committee Report