sustainability of our Company.
Delivering Shareholder Value. We are focused on running a good business and we served you, our shareholders, with a disciplined
focus on growth that helped us achieve strong shareholder returns, outpacing most other companies in our peer group. Over the past three years, McDonald’s achieved a total shareholder return (TSR) of 63%, a marked improvement from the three-year
TSR of 3% through December 2014, prior to the Company’s turnaround.
Velocity Growth Plan. Our broad-based momentum is a testament to the strategy guiding McDonald’s. With the Velocity Growth
Plan, we are taking actions to enhance the taste of our food, the convenience we offer, value and brand trust. We continued to progress in these areas, which has encouraged more customers to visit McDonald’s again and again. In 2018, global
comparable sales increased 4.5%, and our global comparable guest counts marked the first back-to-back year of growth since 2012.
The Company has prioritized growth opportunities with the greatest potential to accelerate our momentum. The three Velocity Accelerators – Experience of the Future, digital and delivery –
continued to gain traction in 2018, strengthening consumer perceptions of the McDonald’s brand.
Our CEO, Steve Easterbrook, and his management team continued to demonstrate bold ambition, innovative thinking and the ability to motivate and align McDonald’s employees, franchisees and
suppliers as they guide our Company through a transformative period. In a dynamic consumer landscape, we are fortunate to have Steve and other highly talented leaders who are skilled at driving strong performance today, while also anticipating industry
changes and preparing McDonald’s for future success.
Active Oversight of Strategy. The Company’s Board of Directors is committed to upholding the role of reviewing, challenging
and helping to shape our strategic direction so that McDonald’s is well-positioned to serve the interests of customers, employees and shareholders. The Board regularly assesses progress against the strategy and has the opportunity to speak to
employees at various levels of the Company to gain more insight into its implementation. The Board recognizes that corporate culture plays a large role in execution of strategy, and is confident that the Company is creating an environment in both its
offices and our restaurants where every individual can contribute their best.
The Board’s annual “deep dive” strategic review is valuable in guiding our strategy’s continued evolution in support of the Company’s aspirations. At our strategic
review last fall, the Board continued its practice of open and robust conversation. We engaged members of the senior leadership team, offering insight, critical thinking and direction intended to hone in on opportunities with the greatest potential to
advance the business.
The Board continues to oversee enterprise risk management and regularly coordinates with its Committees and our management team to oversee risk identification, assessment and
mitigation.
McDonald’s Corporation
Table of Contents
A Letter from the Chairman of the Board
Scale for Good. A year ago, we shared our vision for responsible leadership to address challenges in a way that upholds the trust customers and
other stakeholders place in McDonald’s. Since then, as the pace of change and complexity of the challenges have continued to grow, so has our resolve to make a difference for our customers, our employees and our communities.
McDonald’s operates on a scale unlike any other restaurant company. With our Scale for Good initiative, McDonald’s made a series of bold pledges last year that defined how we are using
our resources and influence to contribute to the greater good.
From offering new, balanced options in our classic Happy Meals, reducing greenhouse gas emissions and recycling more to influencing responsible and sustainable beef production practices, we are
taking on complex challenges that demand innovative solutions and collective action. We know we have the responsibility and opportunity to take bold action and embrace this opportunity to drive meaningful progress by collaborating with millions of
customers, employees, franchisees and suppliers.
However, we believe our greatest opportunity for impact may be with the commitments we have made to change the lives of employees at McDonald’s and other workers around the world.
“We’re a people business and we never forget it,” was a saying of Fred Turner, a leader and a true McDonald’s visionary, that is inscribed on the entrance floor
of our new headquarters in Chicago. We take pride in living up to this ideal by striving to take care of the McDonald’s crew and restaurant managers, who do an outstanding job of taking care of our customers. Archways to Opportunity has provided
assistance to over 33,000 restaurant employees to help them earn a high school diploma or go to college. With the Youth Opportunity initiative within Scale for Good, our commitment to helping young people will extend beyond working with restaurant
employees. We’re supporting organizations in Chicago and around the world that provide job readiness training and apprenticeship programs to reduce barriers to employment for young people.
Board Refreshment. The
Board remains committed to ongoing Board refreshment. In January 2019, the Board elected Paul Walsh as a new independent
Director. Paul’s leadership at consumer-centric companies in the food and beverage industry brings broader industry
perspective to our boardroom, as well as additional familiarity with international operations. Additionally, Jeanne Jackson
has decided not to stand for re-election at the 2019 Annual Shareholders' Meeting , and we thank her for her service
to McDonald’s and our shareholders. With Paul’s election and Jeanne not standing for re-election , nearly half
of our Director nominees have joined the Board within the last five years. We continue to evaluate the most
appropriate mix of skills, qualifications and attributes of our Directors for the benefit of our Company and
our shareholders.
Ongoing Shareholder Outreach. The Company continues to believe in the importance of shareholder engagement, and maintains a robust, year-round
engagement program. Our Board is regularly informed of the feedback received during these discussions. Our shareholders continue to be interested in topics such as the Velocity Growth Plan, business and financial performance, governance practices, our
Scale for Good and sustainability initiatives, and executive compensation programs. This feedback continues to provide valuable perspective and inform our Board’s decision-making process.
On behalf of my fellow Board members, it is an honor and a privilege for each one of us to serve as stewards of the McDonald’s brand. We share ambitious aspirations to build on McDonald’s
strong foundation so that our Company can bolster its proud history as a leader in the way we serve customers, employees, our communities and you, our shareholders.
Thank you for your investment and continued support of the Company.
Sincerely,
ENRIQUE HERNANDEZ, JR.
Chairman of the Board
2019 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Notice of the Annual Shareholders' Meeting
McDONALD ́S CORPORATION
MEETING TIME AND DATE
9:00 a.m. Central Time on Thursday, May 23, 2019
MEETING PLACE
The Grand Hyatt, Dallas-Fort Worth Airport, Americas Ballroom
2337 South International Parkway, Dallas, Texas
75261
McDonald’s Corporation (McDonald’s or the Company) will provide the Notice of Internet Availability, electronic delivery of the proxy materials or mailing of the 2019
Proxy Statement, the 2018 Annual Report on Form 10-K and a proxy card to shareholders beginning on or about April 11, 2019.
TO McDONALD ́S CORPORATION SHAREHOLDERS:
The Company will hold its 2019 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting (Annual Meeting or Annual Shareholders’ Meeting) on Thursday, May 23, 2019, at 9:00 a.m. Central Time at The Grand H