sustainability vision and initiatives are embodied in our Scale for Good platform. This platform is aligned with our strategic objectives and is designed to drive meaningful change in partnership with our franchisees and suppliers. Our Scale for Good priorities include beef sustainability, packaging and recycling, commitment to families, climate action and youth opportunity. We also continue to drive progress on our goals and commitments across key social and environmental topics such as diversity and inclusion, animal health and welfare, responsible sourcing and supporting farmers. For more details about our Scale for Good platform and other sustainability efforts, please see pages 34-35 of this Proxy Statement.
Governance Highlights
STRONG CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
BOARD AND GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
● Separate Chairman and CEO roles with an independent Chairman
● Diverse, independent Board
● Balanced mix of Director tenures
● Three new Directors in 2019 NEW
● Committee refreshment NEW
● Board Committees are 100% independent (except Executive Committee)
● Executive sessions of independent Directors scheduled for each regular Board and Committee meeting
● Robust annual Board and Committee self-assessments and Director peer review; including 1:1 discussions with Chairman and Directors and responses compiled by an independent third-party
● Regular succession planning at CEO, senior management and Board levels
● No Directors who are current public-company CEOs serve on more than one outside Board NEW
● No special interest Directors; our Board represents all shareholders’ interests
● Majority voting standard for uncontested Director elections
● No Director hedging/pledging NEW
● Proxy access for Director candidates nominated by shareholders reflecting standard market practices
● Meaningful thresholds for shareholders to call special meetings
● Public disclosure of corporate political contributions and certain trade association memberships
● Significant shareholder outreach and engagement
● Access
to independent advisors
2020 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement Summary
We remain committed to evolving our corporate governance practices informed by feedback from our shareholders, as well as our ongoing review of evolving best practices. Our 2019 corporate governance highlights included:
EXECUTIVE SUCCESSION PLANNING
STRATEGY OVERSIGHT
Our Board considers executive succession plans on an ongoing basis, as well as the skills, experiences and attributes needed to be an effective leader in light of our global business strategies, opportunities and challenges. To familiarize our Board with our strong talent pipeline, our Board regularly interacts with members of management who are possible candidates to succeed our CEO and other members of senior leadership. In 2019, following the appointment of Mr. Kempczinski as President and CEO, our Board appointed Joseph Erlinger as President, McDonald’s USA with responsibility for approximately 14,000 McDonald’s restaurants in the U.S., and Ian Borden as President, International, with oversight for all international markets within our International Operated and International Developmental Licensed Markets. Our Board remains confident that its regular review of executive succession planning is well-designed and effective.
Our Board believes that a fundamental understanding of our business, strategy and industry assists it in the effective discharge of its duties. Our Board oversees management’s execution of our strategy and regularly engages with management to discuss the Company’s strategic direction. Our Board holds an annual strategy session, and in 2019, our Directors traveled to an international market for the strategy session and met with one of the Company’s developmental licensees. At this strategy session, management also presented an update on the Velocity Growth Plan and related growth accelerators.
SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
OTHER BOARD SERVICE
We continue to engage with a significant portion of our shareholders on a range of topics, including our leadership transition; Board composition and other governance practices; the Velocity Growth Plan; our business results; executive compensation; human capital management; and environmental, social and other sustainability topics. Since our last Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, we reached out to shareholders representing nearly 50% of our outstanding shares. Feedback from these meetings is reported to our Board, and our Directors use it as a valuable input in their decision-making processes.
It is expected that each Director will have time to devote to his or her present responsibilities at our Company. No Directors who are active public-company CEOs serve on more than one other outside public company board. Further, as provided by our Corporate Governance Principles, none of our Directors shall serve on more than three boards of companies whose common stock is listed for trading on a recognized exchange in the U.S., in addition to his or her service on our Board.
COMMITMENT TO BOARD REFRESHMENT
Our Board believes that there should be a balance of institutional knowledge and fresh perspectives among our Directors. In this regard, our Board is committed to ongoing refreshment, and half of our Directors have joined our Board in the last five years, including three new additions in 2019. In January 2019, our Board elected Paul Walsh, adding significant international, consumer-centric experience to our Board. In November 2019, our Board appointed Christopher Kempczinski as President and CEO and elected Mr. Kempczinski as a Director, bringing an important Company perspective to our Board. In December 2019, our Board elected Catherine Engelbert, contributing significant global business operations and talent management experience to our Board. In addition, Ms. Engelbert’s qualification as an “audit committee financial expert” is an important attribute as a member of our Audit & Finance Committee.
McDonald’s Corporation
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement Summary
BOARD DIVERSITY
Our Governance Committee proactively seeks diverse Director candidates to provide representation of varied backgrounds, perspectives and experience in the boardroom to support the global demands of our business. Our Board represents a diverse and highly-engaged group of Directors, balancing tenure and fresh perspectives and contributing diversity in a broad sense, including, among other attributes, leadership, experience, skills, perspectives, gender, ethnicity and geography. The following graphics provide a few highlights:
INDEPENDENT
11 of 12
All independent, except the CEO
WOMEN OR MINORITIES
BALANCED EXPERIENCE
SHAREHOLDER ENGAGEMENT
We understand the importance of engaging with shareholders and are committed to regularly hearing shareholders’ perspectives. Our Board and management team have developed a robust shareholder engagement program. Throughout the year, we engage with a significant and diverse portion of shareholders on topics of importance to both the Company and shareholders. Shareholder feedback received through direct discussions and prior shareholder votes, as well as engagement with proxy and other investor advisory firms that represent the interests of a wide array of shareholders, is reported to our Governance Committee and other relevant Committees periodically throughout the year. For more information, see page 33 of this Proxy Statement.
2020 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement Summary
OVERVIEW OF DIRECTORS
The following table provides an overview of our current Directors. All of our current Directors are nominees for election at the 2020 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Directors who have been elected since the last Annual Shareholders’ Meeting are listed as “new.” Additional information regarding our Director nominees begins on page 13.
Director
since
Committee membership
Other
Boards
Name
Primary occupation
Independent
Lloyd Dean
2015
CommonSpirit Health
Robert Eckert