sustainability and real estate – while ensuring an appropriate mix of skills, experiences and perspectives are represented.
Alongside these four additions, Sheila Penrose retired from the Board in 2022. In March 2023, Robert “Bob” A. Eckert and John W. Rogers notified the Company of their retirements from the Board effective at the Company’s 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. All three of these Directors have made significant contributions to McDonald’s and helped guide expansion of the global business while bringing McDonald’s closer to the communities it serves. McDonald’s is stronger today thanks to their leadership and steadfast commitment to the Company.
● Through her leadership of the Sustainability and Corporate Responsibility Committee of the Board, Sheila oversaw McDonald's critical progress against our ambitious climate, responsible sourcing and diversity, equity and inclusion goals, positioning us as a leader in the industry.
● Bob brought valuable expertise to the Board serving as Chairman of the Compensation Committee and the inaugural Chairman of the Public Policy & Strategy Committee where he helped oversee the Company’s long-term strategy and operations.
● John is a prominent leader in the Chicago and business community who has helped to significantly expand the Company’s efforts to promote equitable opportunity and diversity across the full range of the business including employees, franchisees and suppliers.
Following the changes outlined above, more than half of the Directors have joined in the last four years and more than half of the Board are women or identify as racially or ethnically diverse.
We know that in this current environment, McDonald’s needs to stay as nimble as ever. The Board and management will continue to evaluate any necessary strategic adjustments as part of our ongoing refreshment strategy.
Further strengthening a values-based leadership team
To engender trust, it is critical that we maintain a world-class, values-based leadership team that can steward the McDonald’s Brand and leave it in a better position than before.
The Board provides guidance and oversight on talent management and succession planning, including regularly reviewing short and long-term succession plans and setting targets for initiatives related to promoting diversity within our workforce and across the System.
The continued momentum of our business in 2022, alongside the advancement of efforts to support the communities we serve, is a testament to the strength of our leadership team and the dedication of all three legs of our stool.
I’m proud that we have the right leaders in place, at the right time, to advance our growth strategy and further build on the rich legacy of McDonald’s.
Deploying our Brand as a beacon in our communities
Our CEO Chris Kempczinski is right when he says that “McDonald’s is one of the world’s greatest Brands.”
We see it every day in the ways in which our franchisees, crew, employees and suppliers meaningfully contribute to our communities, bring smiles to our customers’ faces and serve as beacons of hope amid so much volatility and uncertainty in our society.
No one embodied the spirit of community more so than the late McDonald’s Chairman Emeritus, Andrew “Andy” McKenna, who passed away in February 2023. Leading with purpose, Andy guided our organization through significant periods in history, having served as a member of the Board of Directors from 1991 until 2016, including 12 years as Chairman. Andy was an exemplar of our values. He led with the utmost integrity, and on a purely human level, he poured his heart into his family and community. McDonald’s is a better place due to his leadership and wisdom.
2023 Proxy Statement 3
Table of Contents
We will miss Andy dearly, but we will always carry the lessons he taught us all. Chief among them was his belief that, “the measure of success is not how much you've got, but how much you've given.” With those words in mind, together, McDonald’s will continue to live our values-based leadership legacy.
Fundamental to long-term sustainable value creation for all shareholders is that we continue to live our values-based legacy, lead on addressing the issues most important to our communities, and steward the Brand to remain relevant for all stakeholders. That includes continuing to advance economic opportunity and foster a diverse workforce and franchisee base that reflects the communities we serve.
As ever, I am incredibly proud of the McDonald’s System and hopeful for the future of our Brand and the role we can play in our communities.
To the entire McDonald’s System, our Shareholders and Customers, thank you for your many contributions that made the Arches shine brighter in 2022.
Sincerely,
Enrique Hernandez, Jr.
Chairman of the Board
4 McDonald’s Corporation
Table of Contents
Notice of 2023 Annual
Shareholders’ Meeting
Meeting Date & Time
May 25, 2023
9:00 a.m. Central Time
Virtual Shareholders’ Meeting
We will have a virtual meeting at www.cesonlineservices.com/mcd23_vm. There will not be a physical location for the meeting, and you will not be able to attend the meeting in person.
We will provide this Notice, the accompanying Proxy Statement, our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the form of proxy card, or the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials, beginning on or about April 14, 2023 to shareholders of record as of March 27, 2023.
To McDonald’s Corporation Shareholders:
At our 2023 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, you will be asked to vote upon the following proposals:
AGENDA
OUR BOARD’S VOTING
RECOMMENDATION