sustainability initiatives, including those relating to climate change and animal health and welfare
Our human capital management initiatives, including those relating to diversity, equity, and inclusion ( “ DEI ” ), as well as safe and respectful workplaces
Our third-party civil rights audit
corporate.mcdonalds.com 9
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
Board Leadership
Our Board believes it is important to retain flexibility to determine its optimal leadership structure in light of a variety of factors at any given time, including the particular composition of the Board as well as the specific needs and opportunities of the Company. With any leadership structure, it is critically important to have a strong relationship between the independent Directors and management.
After nearly 28 years of dedicated service on our Board, including eight years as our independent Chairman, Enrique Hernandez, Jr. has decided to retire from the Board at the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting. Following Mr. Hernandez’s retirement, the Board has determined that a combined Chairman/Chief Executive Officer structure is in the best interests of the Company and its shareholders at this time. Therefore, Christopher Kempczinski will assume the role of Chairman of the Board following the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting.
This leadership transition is the result of robust succession planning and thoughtful deliberation by the full Board. In appointing Mr. Kempczinski as Chairman, the Board considered his development and leadership of our successful Accelerating the Arches strategy; his commitment to our employees, franchisees, suppliers, and shareholders; his demonstrated track record of successfully navigating through multiple complex issues; and the Board’s confidence in his ability to guide McDonald’s through the next stage of growth.
The Board recognizes that with a combined Chairman and Chief Executive Officer structure, it is imperative to have a strong Lead Independent Director with a clearly defined set of responsibilities. Following the 2024 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, Miles White, Chairman of the Board’s Governance Committee, will serve as the Lead Independent Director. Mr. White’s extensive experience leading global and complex organizations and comprehensive knowledge of our business make him well-positioned to guide the Board in its oversight of the Company and to foster open dialogue among our independent Directors and management.
Please refer to “Board Leadership” on page 32 for more information on the Board’s process and rationale for these changes to the Board’s leadership structure.
10 2024 proxy statement
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
Board Composition & Refreshment
Our Board is committed to ongoing Board refreshment, as it believes there should be an appropriate balance of continuity and institutional knowledge, together with fresh perspectives, among our Directors. Following the Board and Committee refreshment summarized below, more than half of our Director nominees have joined our Board within the last five years. See “Board Composition & Refreshment” on page 34 for more information.
Two new independent Directors and our CEO were elected to our Board:
Catherine Engelbert, Commissioner, Women ’ s National Basketball Association (see page 23 )
Paul Walsh, Executive Chairman, McLaren Group Limited (see page 29 )
One independent Director (Jeanne Jackson) retired from our Board
Committee membership and leadership was refreshed, including:
Richard Lenny was named the Compensation Committee Chair
Three independent Directors retired from our Board:
Robert Eckert, John Rogers, Jr., and Richard Lenny
Lloyd Dean was named the Compensation Committee Chair
2019-2020
2022
2023
2024
Four new independent Directors were elected to our Board:
Anthony Capuano, President and CEO of Marriott International, Inc. (see page 20 )
Kareem Daniel, former Chairman of Disney Media & Entertainment Distribution (see page 21 )
Jennifer Taubert, EVP and Worldwide Chairman, Innovative Medicine at Johnson & Johnson (see page 28 )
Amy Weaver, President and CFO of Salesforce, Inc. (see page 30 )
One independent Director (Sheila Penrose) retired from our Board
Committee membership and leadership was refreshed, including:
Catherine Engelbert was named the Audit & Finance Committee Chair
John Mulligan was named the Public Policy & Strategy Committee Chair
Paul Walsh was named the Sustainability & Corporate Responsibility Committee Chair
Our independent Chairman (Enrique Hernandez, Jr.) is retiring from our Board and will not stand for re-election at our 2024 Annual Shareholders ’ Meeting
One new independent Director has been nominated for election to our Board:
Michael Hsu, Chairman and CEO of Kimberly-Clark Corporation (see page 25 )
Following the Annual Shareholders ’ Meeting:
Christopher Kempczinski will be appointed Chairman
Miles White will be appointed Lead Independent Director
The following graphics reflect our Board’s composition following the changes summarized above.
These changes demonstrate our Board’s commitment to ongoing refreshment and help ensure that an appropriate mix of skills, experiences and perspectives are represented on our Board and its Committees. In addition to providing a productive balance of institutional knowledge and experience with fresh perspectives, our Board believes the overlap of new and longer-tenured Directors provides Directors with the opportunity to collaborate in a way that allows for smoother role and responsibility transitions.
8 of 12 Director nominees joined our Board within the last five years
11 of 12 Directors are independent (all except our CEO)
corporate.mcdonalds.com 11
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
Tenure of Director Nominees
Board Diversity
Our Board is keenly focused on ensuring that our Directors represent a wide range of backgrounds, viewpoints, perspectives, and experiences in order to support the diverse demands of our global business. Following the changes summarized under “Board Composition & Refreshment” on page 11, approximately 58% of our Board is comprised of Directors who are women or racially/ethnically diverse, and more than 30% of our Board is comprised of female Directors. See “Board Diversity” on page 35 for more information.
Talent Management & Executive Succession Planning
Our talent management and succession planning, including initiatives relating to promoting diversity within our workforce and across our System, are important components of our business strategy. Attracting, developing, and retaining talent is key to our ability to continue to drive long-term sustainable growth. To that end, our Board regularly reviews short- and long-term succession plans for our CEO and other senior leaders. In doing so, our independent Directors identify the skills, experiences, and attributes they believe are required to be an effective leader in light of our global business strategies, opportunities, and challenges. We also endeavor to ensure a diverse candidate pool and workforce. These talent management and succession planning processes are designed to prepare us for expected transitions, such as those arising from promotions, retirements, and other role changes, as well as unexpected departures.
Several senior leadership transitions occurred in the last two years. As highlighted below, these included both new additions to our Company and promotions from within our internal talent pipeline, which we believe demonstrates the effectiveness of our talent management and succession planning processes:
SKYE ANDERSON
Jonathan Banner
Ian Borden
Morgan Flatley
who has served McDonald's for 23 years, most recently as West Zone President, McDonald's USA, became our new President, Global Business Services
joined McDonald ’ s as our new EVP – Chief Global Impact Officer
who has served McDonald ’ s for nearly 30 years, most recently as President, International, became our new EVP and Global Chief Financial Officer
who has served McDonald