Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, and Tiffanie Boyd as U.S. Chief People Officer.
We will continue to accelerate meaningful change, including through our commitment to develop and support a more diverse talent pipeline. In February 2021, the company announced the addition of new annual targets designed to meet our five-year DEI goals and hold our executives directly accountable. This is a significant step in the right direction. And while I am proud that diverse representation is strong on our Board, there is a lot more work to be done across the company, and we will not let up on our efforts.
The start of a new chapter and hope of a brighter year. Together, we have marveled at the collective brilliance of researchers and scientists around the world who have produced—in record time—multiple COVID-19 vaccines that will save millions of lives.
My hope for 2021 is that such progress is a sign of a brighter year for all. As tough as 2020 was, inspired by our visionary leadership team and fortified by our System’s unique strengths and competitive advantages, McDonald’s is well positioned to continue building back.
The Board’s commitment to stewarding shareholders’ investments remains at the heart of our decision making, alongside our focus on doing right by our System, our customers, and our communities. We believe the company’s progress in 2020 only strengthens McDonald’s investment approach and its long-term prospects, as reflected in the October decision to continue the company’s more than 40-year tradition of annual dividend increases.
The Board would like to extend a sincere and heartfelt thank you to every single member of the McDonald’s System for their tireless efforts, achievements, and dedication.
We also would like to thank McDonald’s investors for your continued support. We look forward to keeping you updated on the company’s progress—and hopefully, to better days ahead for us all in 2021.
Sincerely,
Rick Hernandez
Chairman of the Board
2021 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Notice of 2021 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting
Meeting Date and Time
Virtual Shareholders’ Meeting
Thursday, May 20, 2021
9:30 a.m. Central Time
McDonald’s Corporation (the Company) will have a virtual meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MCD2021 . There will not be a physical location for our 2021 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, and you will not be able to attend the meeting in person.
We will provide the Notice of Internet Availability, electronic delivery of the proxy materials or mailing of the 2021 Proxy Statement, the 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K and a proxy card to shareholders beginning on or about April 8, 2021.
To McDonald ́s Corporation Shareholders:
We will hold our 2021 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on Thursday, May 20, 2021. Shareholders will be asked to vote upon the following proposals:
Agenda
Our Board’s Voting
Recommendation