Climate Risk
RESOLVED :
Shareholders request that the board of directors adopt quantitative goals, based on current technologies, for reducing total greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from the company’s products and operations; and that the Company report to shareholders
by fall 2016 on its plans (omitting proprietary information and prepared at reasonable cost) to achieve these goals.
Supporting Statement : In September 2013,
the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), the world’s leading scientific authority on climate change, released its fifth assessment report concluding that human-caused “warming of the climate system is unequivocal,” with
many of the impacts of warming already “unprecedented over decades to millennia.”
In order to mitigate the worst impacts of climate change, the
IPCC estimates that a 50 percent reduction in GHG emissions globally is needed by 2050 (relative to 1990 levels). Furthermore, in its 2012 Annual Energy Outlook, the International Energy Agency (lEA) states, “No more than one-third of proven
reserves of fossil fuels can be consumed prior to 2050 if the world is to achieve the 2oC goal ”
Over 40 national and 20 sub-national government
jurisdictions have either implemented or are considering independent carbon pricing mechanisms. The new Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) Standards set new targets for automotive fuel efficiency, and is projected
to reduce oil use by more than two million barrels a day in 2025, and the adoption of low carbon fuel standards in California and Oregon, will prompt development of a new generation of fuels that
will be economically and environmentally more sustainable.
The economic, business and societal impacts of climate change are of paramount importance to investors.
Investors with $87 trillion in assets have supported CDP’s request to over 6,000 companies for disclosure of carbon emissions, reduction goals, and climate change strategies to address these risks.
While over half of S&P 500 companies have set GHG emission reduction targets which can drive innovation and enhance shareholder value, our company lags behind. A
study of 386 U.S. companies in the S&P 500 by CDP found that 79% of companies “earn a higher return on their carbon reduction investments than on their overall corporate capital investments,” and that energy efficiency improvements
earned an average return on investment of 196%, with an average payback period between two and three years. Furthermore, CDP reports “High emitting companies that set absolute emissions reduction targets achieved reductions double the rate of
those without targets with 10% higher firm-wide profitability.”
We recommend the company consider renewable energy procurement (and adopting related targets)
as a strategy to achieve its emission reduction goals. Using renewable energy can reduce regulatory risk related to GHG emissions, financial risk by decreasing volatility of energy prices, and overall expenditure on energy.
Creating clear-cut goals will help our company to significantly reduce its carbon footprint by implementing a disciplined business strategy to cut emissions from its
operations and products.
Marathon Petroleum Corporation Proxy
Statement / page 37
Table of Contents
PROPOSAL OF SHAREHOLDER / PROPOSAL NO. 6 - SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL SEEKING THE ADOPTION OF QUANTITATIVE GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSION REDUCTION GOALS AND ASSOCIATED REPORTS
YOUR BOARD OF DIRECTORS RECOMMENDS YOU VOTE AGAINST
THE SHAREHOLDER PROPOSAL SEEKING THE ADOPTION OF QUANTITATIVE GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSION REDUCTION GOALS AND ASSOCIATED REPORTS.
This proposal is substantively identical to a proposal that was rejected by our shareholders in
2015 and 2014.
Your Board of Directors continues to believe that the adoption of arbitrary and unilateral goals for the reduction of GHG emissions from
our products or operations is not in the best interest of our shareholders and other stakeholders, including our customers, and that this proposal should be rejected. We believe our shareholders are best served by our continuing the approach we have
pursued for more than 10 years with great success – the systematic improvement in the energy efficiency of our operations, particularly our refineries, which in 2014 were responsible for approximately 96% of all direct and indirect GHG
emissions generated by MPC facilities and operations. Our systematic approach has enabled us to increase gross throughput at six of our seven refineries (excluding the Galveston Bay Refinery, purchased in 2013) by 44% from 1998 to 2014, while
limiting GHG emissions increases to only 14% during that period. This demonstrates a truly significant commitment to improving energy efficiency and GHG emissions intensity (i.e., lower GHG emissions per unit of throughput).
Ours is a highly regulated industry. To ensure that we operate responsibly in such an industry, your Board of Directors and executive management maintain oversight of
our environmental performance. We have embraced a world-class management system that offers an integrated, structured approach to improving our performance in key areas including community awareness and pollution prevention. We have adopted policies
and standards addressing environmental issues, and implemented a tiered audit program to verify our compliance with them.
MPC refines crude oil and other feedstocks
into the transportation fuels that are a vital part of our country’s economic engine. Our primary products are diesel fuel, gasoline, jet fuel and asphalt. The formulations of these products are dictated by various laws, regulations and
industry standards. A meaningful quantitative goal for the reduction of GHG emissions from these products could be achieved only if we voluntarily reduced the quantity of products we produce. Clearly, such a reduction would not be in the best
interests of our shareholders or customers.
We long ago recognized the opportunity for, and benefit of, improved energy efficiency in our operations. However, rather
than touting GHG emissions reduction targets as an isolated objective, we strive for the full range of benefits realized from ensuring our operations are energy efficient and environmentally sound. After crude oil, the single largest expense for our
refineries is energy, providing ample economic incentive for energy efficiency, which translates into improved emissions intensity of GHGs and other emissions. Our efforts to improve energy efficiency, along with other operational improvements, have
yielded substantial, quantifiable results at the six refineries we have owned for a significant period of time. Listed below are just a few of our energy efficiency efforts and recognitions:
MPC remains the clear industry leader for recognition by the EPA ENERGY STAR program. The ENERGY STAR program recognizes not just energy efficiency, but also environmental performance; to be eligible, facilities must
have no unresolved environmental regulatory issues. MPC became an EPA ENERGY STAR partner company in 2009, representing a corporate commitment to consider energy efficiency and GHG emissions in all investment and operating decisions. Despite owning
and operating less than 10% of U.S. refining capacity, MPC has received 75% (33 of 44) of the recognitions awarded to refineries since the ENERGY STAR program began. Two of our refineries – Canton, Ohio and Garyville, Louisiana – have
earned the award every year of the program’s existence, the only two refineries in the nation with that distinction. As a result, MPC estimates it has avoided emitting millions of tons of GHGs. In 2013 and 2014 alone, MPC’s ENERGY STAR
refineries avoided an estimated 1.8 million metric tons of GHG emissions as compared to petroleum refineries operating at average U.S. efficiency levels.
MPC established the Focus on Energy Initiative in 2010 to bolster our commitment to improving efficiency of operations. As part of this initiative, a team of
specialists works to make energy-effic