sustainability report), disclosing the Company’s achievements and stewardship in the areas of our core values – Health and Safety, Environmental Stewardship, Integrity,
Corporate Citizenship and Inclusive Culture.
The Perspectives on Climate-Related Scenarios report, the Citizenship Report and our Code of Business Conduct can be found on our website at http://www.marathonpetroleum.com by selecting “Corporate Citizenship”. Through this
portion of our website, our shareholders and others may also visit our “Health, Environment, Safety & Security” web pages, which include voluntary disclosures of emissions data and energy efficiency statistics.
New Human Rights and Core Values Disclosures on Corporate Website
Our shareholders may also access a new tab on our website at http://www.marathonpetroleum.com by selecting
“Corporate Citizenship” and clicking on “Human Rights and Core Values.” Here, shareholders will find a link to our most pertinent publications and information on the topics of human rights and corporate citizenship, including our
commitment to the fair treatment and meaningful involvement of all people, including indigenous people, regardless of race, color, national origin or income level.
Express Commitment to Board Diversity
January 27, 2018, the Board adopted an amendment to our Corporate Governance Principles to expressly affirm its commitment to actively seek in its director recruitment efforts women candidates and candidates of diverse ethnic and racial
backgrounds who possess the skills and characteristics identified within our Corporate Governance Principles. This express commitment is in addition to the emphasis on a diversity of director backgrounds and experiences already found within our
Corporate Governance Principles.
Marathon Petroleum Corporation Proxy
Statement / page 3
Table of Contents
MPC Board of Directors at a Glance
Tenure
Experience
Finance
Industry
Expertise
Gov’t
Regulatory
Gary R. Heminger, Chairman
David A. Daberko (Ind.) (1) , Lead
Director
Abdulaziz F. Alkhayyal (Ind.)
Evan Bayh (Ind.)
Charles E. Bunch (Ind.)
Steven A. Davis (Ind.)
Donna A. James (Ind.)
James E. Rohr (Ind.)
Frank M. Semple
J. Michael Stice (Ind.)
John P. Surma (Ind.)
(1) Independent, as described in the “Board and Committee Independence” section on Page 14
of this Proxy Statement.
9 of 11 Directors are
Independent
6 new directors since 2013, adding midstream, MLP, refining, large cap
manufacturing, petroleum industry, financial services and global markets experience
Diverse mix of financial,
industry
and government/
regulatory skills
Average tenure of 4.6 years
99% attendance at all Board and committee meetings in
2017
8 of 11 Directors are current or former CEOs
Mandatory retirement age for
directors
Shareholder Engagement
In addition to our regular dialogue with a wide variety of investors on an array of topics, since our last Annual Meeting, we again undertook an outreach effort focused
on corporate governance matters and met with shareholders representing over 30 percent of our shares outstanding. In addition to corporate governance matters, we discussed MPC’s priorities for long-term value creation and the Board’s
risk management oversight, and we specifically elicited feedback on our named executive officer (or NEO) compensation program. In many of these engagements, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (who we may refer to as our Chairman and CEO)
participated, and our independent Compensation Committee Chair also joined, to answer shareholder questions. The feedback shared during these discussions was positive. Our Board and its committees highly value the feedback we receive from our
shareholders.
page 4 / Marathon Petroleum Corporation Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Additional Corporate Governance Highlights
The Board has three fully independent standing committees:
Audit;
Compensation; and
Corporate Governance and Nominating.
Our Lead Director functions as a voice of the non-management directors and reinforces effective independent leadership on the Board.
MPC has adopted proxy access bylaw provisions to enable shareholders satisfying certain requirements to submit director nominations for inclusion in the Company’s proxy statement.
MPC has adopted a majority voting standard for uncontested director elections.
The Board and MPC’s executive leadership team meet frequently to discuss enterprise risk management (or ERM). We have a strong ERM process for identifying, assessing and managing risk, as well as for monitoring the
performance of risk mitigation strategies.
Independent directors meet regularly in executive session without the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer present.
Members of the Board and committees perform self-evaluations each year and meet to review and discuss results.
We maintain stock ownership guidelines for directors, as well as executive officers.
We have specific policies and practices to align our director and executive compensation with long-term shareholder interests. For example, we maintain a policy that prohibits hedging and pledging of MPC stock by
our directors and executives and have clawback provisions within our executive cash bonus and long-term incentive programs to recoup funds under certain forfeiture events. Other important shareholder-friendly features of our executive compensation
program are described in the “