sustainability measures (which include compliance, safety, environmental and personnel matters);
project completion measures (which may include measures regarding whether interim milestones regarding budgets and deadlines are met, as well as whether projects are completed on time and on or under budget); and
other measures such as those relating to acquisitions, dispositions or customer satisfaction.
In addition to the
performance measures, the Amended Plan also includes individual award limits for equity or incentive awards that can be granted pursuant to the Amended Plan, as further described below under the heading “Summary of Material Terms of the Amended
Plan”.
Summary of Material Terms of the Amended Plan
The Amended Plan authorizes the grant of awards, including shares of our common stock, in any combination of the following:
stock options, including incentive stock options and non-qualified stock options;
stock appreciation rights (or SARs);
stock awards, restricted stock awards and other awards denominated or paid in common stock;
restricted stock units (which may include dividend equivalents);
cash awards; and
performance awards.
Administration of the Plan
Our Board has designated a committee (or the Plan Committee) to administer the Amended Plan. The Plan Committee has the authority to identify employee award
Marathon Petroleum Corporation Proxy
Statement / page 33
Table of Contents
PROPOSAL OF THE BOARD
/ PROPOSAL NO. 4 - APPROVAL OF 162(m) MATERIAL TERMS FOR QUALIFIED PERFORMANCE-BASED COMPENSATION UNDER THE AMENDED AND
RESTATED MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION 2012 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
recipients and determine the types of employee awards made under the Amended Plan. The Plan Committee has full and exclusive authority to administer and interpret the Amended Plan and participant
award agreements, and it may adopt guidelines for administering the Amended Plan as it deems necessary or proper.
The Plan Committee may also correct any defect,
supply any omission or reconcile any inconsistency in the Amended Plan or in any award. Decisions of the Plan Committee in the interpretation and administration of the Amended Plan are within its sole and absolute discretion and are final,
conclusive and binding on all parties concerned.
With respect to director awards, our Board determines the types of director awards made under the Amended Plan and
has the same authority as the Plan Committee has with respect to employee awards.
Our Board or the Plan Committee may delegate to a subcommittee, our CEO or other
senior officers, or to another committee of the Board, its duties or authority under the Amended Plan with respect to employee awards subject to the limitations as set forth in the Amended Plan.
Our Board may delegate to the Plan Committee or to another committee of the Board its administrative functions under the Amended Plan with respect to director awards,
subject to the conditions or limitations as the Board may establish. Our Board and the Plan Committee may also engage third-party administrators to carry out administrative functions under the Amended Plan.
Authorized Shares and Limits
We have
reserved a total of 50 million shares of our common stock for issuance in connection with the Amended Plan. No more than 20 million shares may be used for awards other than stock options or SARs. No more than 20 million shares may be
granted as incentive stock options. The number of shares authorized to be issued under the Amended Plan, as well as individual limits and exercise prices, are subject to adjustment for stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations, mergers or
similar corporate events. As of March 1, 2017, the closing price for a share of our common stock on the New York Stock Exchange was $50.99 per share.
The following
limitations apply to awards made under the Amended Plan:
no employee may be granted, during any calendar year, stock options or SARs that are exercisable for or relate to more than 12 million shares of common stock;
no employee may be granted, during any one-year period, stock awards or restricted stock unit awards
covering or relating to more than 4 million shares of common stock;
no employee may be granted awards (including cash awards granted as performance awards) consisting of cash for any calendar year, having a maximum value determined on the date of grant in excess of $20 million.
Eligibility
Employees
eligible for awards under the Amended Plan are employees of our Company or its subsidiaries who are selected by the Plan Committee. All of our non-employee directors are also eligible for awards under the
Amended Plan. The Plan Committee has the authority to identify employee recipients to whom awards will be granted, and the type and amount of each award. As of March 1, 2017, there were approximately 580 employees and 11 non-employee directors expected to participate in the Amended Plan.
Employee Award Terms
All awards to employees under the Amended Plan are subject to the terms, conditions and limitations as determined by the Plan Committee. Awards may be
made in combination with, in replacement of, or as alternatives to, grants under the Amended Plan or other plans of our Company or subsidiaries, including plans of an acquired entity. Upon the termination of employment of a participant who is an
employee, any unexercised, deferred, unvested, or unpaid awards will be treated as set forth in the applicable award agreement.
A stock option granted to an
employee under the Amended Plan may consist of either an incentive stock option that is intended to comply with the requirements of Section 422 of the Code or a non-qualified stock option. Incentive stock
options and non-qualified stock options must have an exercise price per share that is not less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant and, subject to certain adjustment provisions
of the Amended Plan that apply only upon specified corporate events, the exercise price of an option granted under the Amended Plan may not be decreased. The term of a stock option may not extend more than 10 years from the date of grant.
A SAR may be granted under the Amended Plan with respect to all or a portion of the shares of common stock subject to a stock option or may be granted separately. The
granted price of a SAR may not be less than the fair market value of the common stock on the date of grant and its term shall extend no more than 10 years from the date of grant. Any SAR which is not a performance award will have a minimum vesting
period of three years from the date of grant, which vesting may occur incrementally over the three-year minimum vesting period, as long as no portion of any
page 34 / Marathon Petroleum Corporation Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
PROPOSAL OF THE BOARD
/ PROPOSAL NO. 4 - APPROVAL OF 162(m) MATERIAL TERMS FOR QUALIFIED PERFORMANCE-BASED COMPENSATION UNDER THE AMENDED AND
RESTATED MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION 2012 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN
SAR award will have a vesting period of less than one year. However, the Plan Committee may provide for earlier vesting following a change of control or other specified events involving the
Company or upon an employee’s termination of employment by reason of death, disability or retirement.
Employees may be granted awards in the form of restricted
stock or restricted stock units. Unless otherwise provided in an award agreement, the recipient of a restricted stock award will have all rights of a shareholder with respect to the shares of common stock subject to the award, including the right to
vote and the right, upon vesting, to receive distributions made with respect to such shares. Restricted stock unit awards consist of awards of units denominated in common stock. Recipients of restricted stock unit awards will not possess voting
rights with respect to these awards. However, rights to dividend equivalents may be extended to and made part of any restricted stock unit award a