human capital management and global manufacturing. One important aspect of our oversight is having a productive partnership with management, and this was critical in the
strategic decision to spin-off Merck’s women’s health business, along with a portfolio of trusted and medically important legacy products and a rapidly expanding biosimilars business. The spin-off of Organon & Co. will enhance
Merck’s ability to focus more fully on its key growth pillars and future innovation, while allowing Organon & Co. to pursue the strategic intent of being a leader in women’s health.
Our Board values diverse perspectives
Our Board
values shareholder perspectives and meaningful engagement. Hearing the perspectives of our shareholders helps enhance the Board’s understanding of key issues that matter to our various stakeholders. Longstanding believers in the business value
of having diverse perspectives in the boardroom, we are committed to having the right mix of perspectives, skills and expertise to address the Company’s current and anticipated needs as opportunities and challenges facing the Company evolve.
We are thrilled to have welcomed Ms. Kathy J. Warden and Dr. Christine E. Seidman to the Board in March and to nominate Dr. Risa Lavizzo-Mourey to
join the Board. Each of these women brings to the Board diverse perspectives, skills and expertise. Ms. Warden, Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President, Northrop Grumman Corporation, brings global operational experience leading a
research-intensive company, along with cybersecurity expertise. Dr. Seidman, the Thomas W. Smith Professor of Medicine and Genetics at Harvard Medical School and director of the Cardiovascular Genetics Program at Brigham and Women’s
Hospital, brings deep scientific expertise. Dr. Lavizzo-Mourey, PIK Professor of Health Equity and Health Policy at the University of Pennsylvania, brings extensive strategic and health policy expertise.
Our Board exercises independent board leadership and is committed to strong governance practices
As independent Lead Director, I work closely with our Chairman and CEO, Ken Frazier, to ensure a productive partnership between management and the independent
Directors. I am also responsible for the annual review of our Board’s effectiveness, as well as the evaluation of Mr. Frazier’s effectiveness. The process of planning and executing a smooth CEO transition is one of the Board’s
most important responsibilities. Under my leadership, the Board continues to review Mr. Frazier’s performance, evaluate potential internal and external successors and to consider the appropriate time for a transition. As a Board, we are
also committed to governance practices that serve the interests of the Company and its many stakeholders. Recently, the Board amended the Compensation and Benefits Committee’s charter to formalize its oversight of the Company’s programs
and policies related to its management of human capital resources.
We thank you for your investment in Merck and your support for the Board. We remain committed to
serving you and the patients around the world that depend on this Company’s life-saving work.
Leslie A. Brun
Lead
Independent Director
April 6, 2020
Merck & Co., Inc. 2020 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Contents
Proxy Summary
Corporate Governance
Board’s Role in Strategic Planning
Independence of Directors
Board Leadership Structure
Lead Director
Criteria for Board Membership and Director Nomination Process
Succession Planning
Annual Board Evaluation
Risk Oversight
Related Person Transactions
Board Meetings and Committees
Compensation Consultants
Shareholder Engagement and Feedback
Shareholder Communications with the Board
Political Contributions and Lobbying Expenditure Oversight and Disclosure
Governance and Transparency Around Drug Pricing
Commitment to Corporate Responsibility
Stock Ownership Information
Stock Ownership of Directors and Officers
Stock Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners