sustainability of
our business, and accelerated and augmented our pipeline and portfolio.
From a commercial standpoint, our teams executed at the highest levels, achieving strong
growth across our key performance drivers, including KEYTRUDA – an established and foundational asset in our portfolio – as well as in vaccines with GARDASIL and GARDASIL 9, and in Animal Health. Overall, it has been a year of significant
achievement for Merck in the face of an extraordinarily challenging environment.
We advanced our oncology portfolio and made substantial progress in executing our
strategy to become the leading oncology company by 2025. We were pleased to receive FDA approvals in several women’s cancers, as well as renal cell carcinoma (adjuvant and advanced) and melanoma (adjuvant) for KEYTRUDA. We are excited that
Merck has more than 90 potential approvals in oncology on the horizon. In 2022, our work in women’s and earlier stage therapies continues with additional focus on advancing prostate and colorectal cancer treatments.
We built on our rich legacy in infectious diseases research with the development of molnupiravir, an investigational oral antiviral for the treatment of COVID-19 that we believe is a key tool
in the treatment options available for health care professionals and patients battling the pandemic. We invested at risk to ramp up supply while we were still in early clinical trials, as we recognized the need for broad and timely global access of
this important medicine upon authorization.
We are proud that upon receiving Emergency Use Authorization from the FDA in late December 2021, we successfully delivered initial
molnupiravir shipments to the U.S. government and to other countries where molnupiravir has been authorized for use, including the UK and Japan. This is a testament to Merck’s agility and ability to establish critical partnerships with
governments, public health agencies, key global stakeholders, and across various links in the international supply chain. Our ground-breaking access strategy has been a priority from the start and has accelerated the timely distribution of
molnupiravir to patients in need globally.
Merck & Co., Inc. 2022 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
In line with our
access strategy, we allocated up to 3 million courses of molnupiravir to UNICEF throughout the first half of 2022 for distribution in more than 100 low- and middle-income countries. This was in addition
to our agreements with the Medicines Patent Pool and other generic manufacturers to make molnupiravir available following local regulatory authorizations or approvals.
Our Animal Health business continues to expand with growth across species and geographies. Growth in companion animal product sales were led by the BRAVECTO
parasiticide line and our line of companion vaccines, while livestock animal product sales showed higher demand globally in the poultry, ruminant and swine sectors. The Animal Health business remains very well positioned to grow faster than the
overall market well into the future.
We are confident in the strength and durability of Merck’s business model for this decade and beyond, and we are
laser-focused on executing to achieve our goals for long-term growth and sustainability. We have important growth drivers with our durable products that include GARDASIL and GARDASIL 9, which we believe can double sales by 2030. In addition to our
HPV vaccines, our vaccines portfolio and pipeline are growing, including with VAXNEUVANCE, which is under priority review by the FDA to expand its use to infants and children for the prevention of invasive pneumococcal disease.
We further strengthened our late-stage pipeline through our acquisition of Acceleron Pharma, bringing in sotatercept which addresses pulmonary arterial hypertension, as
well as other compounds designed to address areas of serious unmet need in cardiovascular disease. These new additions complement our growing internal cardiometabolic pipeline of new drugs. In addition to Acceleron, we also completed the acquisition
of Pandion Therapeutics, which enabled us to bring in an early-stage asset, leverage our immunology learnings from our immuno-oncology research and begin to extend our focus into autoimmune diseases. Business development will remain an imperative
strategic priority that helps bolster and augment our pipeline, drives stronger performance, and enhances our long-term potential. We will continue to aggressively pursue compelling external science to supplement our internal pipeline, leveraging a
science-driven and portfolio-informed approach.
We have also worked to further integrate our Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) initiatives into the core of Merck’s culture and business. We remain committed to operating responsibly to help ensure a safe, healthy, and
sustainable environment. Our focus in this space helps advance our company’s efforts and is integral to saving and improving lives. We worked hard throughout 2021 to achieve the ESG goals that we’ve set which challenge Merck to drive
change by: expanding health access and equity; continuing to cultivate a diverse, inclusive and engaging environment for our employees; setting ambitious yet impactful sustainability goals; and fostering ethics and values across the organization to
drive a culture empowered to Speak Up and maintain compliance.
Merck will continue improving patient outcomes and contributing to a healthier world, while also delivering value for our shareholders
and all stakeholders. We are proud of our legacy and passionate about our future, as we work with speed, urgency, and agility to bring forward innovations that address unmet needs. For over a century, Merck has been propelled by bold ideas and
innovation that advance human health. We know the world needs more of what Merck can deliver now – this is what inspires us to continue helping and healing patients around the world as we move forward.
Thank you for your confidence and support of our Company. We hope you will participate in the Annual Meeting by attending virtually or by voting, as promptly as
possible, through other acceptable means as described in this proxy statement. Your participation is important, so please exercise your right to vote.
Kenneth C. Frazier
Executive Chairman
Robert M. Davis
Chief Executive Officer and President
Merck & Co., Inc. 2022 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
A Message from Merck’s
Independent Lead Director
Dear Merck Shareholders,
For more than 130 years, Merck has remained dedicated to its mission of saving and improving lives. This dedication is evident in Merck’s commitment to providing
timely access globally, following applicable authorizations and approvals, to molnupiravir, the Company’s investigational oral antiviral COVID-19 medicine. Merck has pursued a comprehensive supply and
access approach to fulfilling this commitment, including investing at risk to produce millions of courses of therapy and granting a voluntary license to the Medicines Patent Pool to make generic molnupiravir available in more than 100 low- and middle-income countries following local regulatory authorizations or approvals – the first such license to the Medicines Patent Pool for a COVID-19 medical
technology.
My fellow Directors and I are committed to Merck’s mission as well in our work overseeing the Company’s affairs and fulfilling our
responsibilities. The process of planning and executing a smooth CEO transition, in particular, is one of the Board’s most important responsibilities. Our planning resulted last year in a successful CEO transition with Robert M. Davis, then-CFO, succeeding Kenneth C. Frazier as the Company’s President, effective April 1, 2021, and Chief Executive Officer, effective July 1, 2021. Mr. Davis also became a Board member effective
July 1, 2021. The Board believes Mr. Davis is the right person to lead Merck into the future and continue its long history of focusing on science and innovation as the