Environmental, Social and Governance matters and alignment of compensation and performance. The Board is also
responsible for overseeing the Firm’s practices and procedures relating to culture, values and conduct and receives regular reporting on these matters.
In 2018, Mary Schapiro was elected to your Board. She brings extensive finance, risk management and regulatory expertise to the Firm. This brings
the proportion of women Directors to nearly a third, and underscores our commitment to diverse talent and leadership across all levels of Morgan Stanley. Ryosuke Tamakoshi is stepping down from our Board after eight years. I thank him for his
dedicated service and many contributions to the Board. We are nominating Takeshi Ogasawara to replace him as an MUFG director and know we will benefit from Mr. Ogasawara’s many years of financial services experience.
Morgan Stanley 2019 Proxy Statement 1
Table of Contents
As we do each year, the Board of Directors and executive management team evaluate our strategy and refine our goals and priorities to ensure we are working for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. Last year, we established
clear strategic objectives for 2018 and 2019, almost all of which have been accomplished in the full year 2018. With a strong and diverse global franchise in place, our management team will continue to drive forward our strategic objective of
generating sustained higher returns. We will do this by expanding our competitive leadership and making appropriate investments in our businesses, while managing expenses and capital.
In addition to the right strategy, long-term and enduring success lies in
having a strong culture and talented employees who live our values. At Morgan Stanley, our culture guides our employees, and our values inform everything we do.
A diverse employee base and a talented leadership pipeline are critical to delivering the best of the Firm to our clients. We are committed to an
inclusive work environment where all employees can thrive. Our commitment to diversity is expressed as belonging as much as inclusion, and we have numerous initiatives aimed at providing our employees opportunities for leadership roles and
empowering them to achieve the visibility and recognition they deserve.
Our long-term success will also be driven by the depth of talent and leadership across our Firm. We have an experienced management team and our businesses have a deep bench of talent. I have great confidence in our senior leaders
and we are excited about the future.
2018’s record year
demonstrates the strength of the Firm. We are focused on supporting our clients and are prepared to respond to market environments appropriately. Over the long-term, we are excited about the growth opportunities across the global economy.
I hope you will read my Letter to Shareholders where I discuss our
achievements and opportunities for the future in greater detail. I look forward to meeting you at the Annual Meeting next month.
Thank you for your support of Morgan Stanley.
Very truly yours,
James P. Gorman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
* See page
61 for the “Notes to the