sustainability initiatives and philanthropy programs for the communities we serve, and our continued commitment to delivering compensation that is well-aligned with performance.
The Board continues to focus on succession planning, adding new directors
with complementary skills and attributes to oversee a sustainable, long-term strategy. In 2018, Elizabeth Corley was elected to your Board, who brings extensive management, markets and financial services expertise as well as an international
perspective. I would also like to thank Erskine Bowles, who retired from the Board effective February 1, 2018, and James Owens, who is not standing for reelection, for their dedicated service to Morgan Stanley and many contributions to the
Board.
Morgan Stanley 2018 Proxy Statement 1
Table of Contents
As we do each year, the Board of Directors and executive management team evaluate our strategy and refine our goals and priorities to ensure we are working for the long-term benefit of our shareholders. We update and articulate this
strategy at the beginning of each year and report our progress against it so our shareholders can hold us accountable.
With a solid strategy in place, our management team will continue to work towards generating sustained higher returns by investing for growth while
maintaining fiscal vigilance and capital sufficiency. By building complementary franchises in Institutional Securities, Wealth Management and Investment Management, the Firm has a mix of businesses that provides earnings stability.
We are sufficiently capitalized for our business mix, size and risk profile,
and returned $5.4 billion of capital to shareholders in 2017. We plan to continue to return capital to shareholders, subject to regulatory approval. By combining disciplined execution with an attractive capital return profile, we feel confident in
delivering sustained and increasing shareholder returns.
Beyond
the execution of our strategy, our long-term success lies in making the appropriate investments in our people and culture to serve our clients, and harnessing current and emerging technologies to our competitive advantage. We have a strong and
experienced management team and our businesses have a deep bench of talent. We are committed to investing in our employees’ skills and capabilities, so that we can continue to build strong, cohesive and diverse teams to drive fresh ideas for
our clients and support the strategic goals of the Firm. At Morgan Stanley, our culture guides our employees, and our values inform everything we do. A culture that focuses on our clients and evaluates and manages risk is critical to ensuring we
deliver for our shareholders, our clients and our communities.
Morgan Stanley is strong today and positioned to do well going forward. I hope you will read my Letter to Shareholders where I discuss our
opportunities for the future in greater detail. I look forward to meeting you at the annual meeting next month.
Thank you for your support of Morgan Stanley.
Very truly yours,
James P. Gorman
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
2 Morgan Stanley 2018 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
NOTICE OF 2018 ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
OVERVIEW OF VOTING ITEMS
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE MATTERS
Election of Directors
Director Selection and Nomination Process
Director Experience, Qualifications, Attributes and Skills
Director Nominees
Corporate Governance Highlights
Board Structure and Independence
Rotation of Board Leadership and Committee Appointments
Board Oversight
Annual Evaluation of Board, Committees and Independent Lead Director
Director Orientation and Continuing Education
Senior Management Succession and Development Planning
Shareholder Rights and Accountability
Shareholder Engagement
Environmental, Social and Governance Highlights
Giving Back to the Community
Corporate Political Activities Policy Statement
Communication by Shareholders and Other Interested Parties with the Board of Directors
Additional Corporate Governance Information Available on Corporate Governance Webpage
Director Independence
Director Attendance at Annual Meeting
Board Meetings and Committees
Board Leadership Structure and Role in Risk Oversight
Compensation Governance and Risk Management
Director Compensation
Related Person Transactions Policy
Certain Transactions
AUDIT MATTERS