Sustainability
Note About Forward-Looking Statements
This Proxy Statement
includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including the Proxy Summary and Part 2 – Named Executive Officer
Compensation. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,”
“future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and
events to differ materially in “Risk Factors,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of
our Forms 10-K and 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether
because of new information, future events, or otherwise.
This Proxy Statement includes several website addresses and references to additional materials found on those websites. These websites and
materials are not incorporated by reference herein.
Table of Contents
Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
October 27, 2022
Dear Shareholder,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, it is our pleasure to invite you to the 2022 Annual Shareholders Meeting of Microsoft Corporation (“Annual Meeting”),
on December 13, 2022, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time. This year’s Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual format through a live webcast. We will provide the webcast of the Annual Meeting at
virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22 . In addition, you will have the option to view the Annual Meeting through Microsoft Teams at microsoft.com/investor . A transcript with video and audio of the entire Annual Meeting will be available
on the Microsoft Investor Relations website after the meeting. For more information on how to participate in the meeting, please see Part 5 – Information About the Meeting on page 82 in this Proxy Statement.
The Notice of 2022 Annual Shareholders Meeting and this Proxy Statement contain details of the business to be conducted during the Annual Meeting.
Whether or not you participate in the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. We urge you to promptly vote and submit your proxy
(1) via the Internet, (2) by phone, or (3) if you received your proxy materials by mail, by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form in the envelope provided for your convenience.
This year’s shareholders Q&A session will include an opportunity to submit questions. You may submit a question in advance of the meeting at proxyvote.com
after logging in with the control number (“Control Number”) found next to the label for postal mail recipients or within the body of the email sending you the Proxy Statement. Live questions may be submitted online beginning shortly before
the start of the Annual Meeting through
virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT22 .
Thank you for your continued investment in Microsoft.
Sincerely,
Satya Nadella
Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer
Table of Contents
Letter from the Board of Directors
October 27, 2022
Dear Shareholder,
For the past several years, we have
started this letter noting the significant business, social, and environmental challenges the world faces and the theme continues this year. We remain incredibly proud of the work Microsoft and its employees have done with our customers and partners
to help the world use digital technology to address these challenges. As the Company navigated the turbulent global environment, including the continuing impact of the global pandemic and a war in Ukraine, the Board and executive leadership of
Microsoft worked closely to consider the needs of our broad range of stakeholders, including employees, customers, the communities we operate in, partners, suppliers, and of course, our shareholders.
Amidst the challenges, Microsoft once again broke records for financial performance in fiscal year 2022. Microsoft’s leadership and the Company as a whole achieved
this through relentless focus on providing technology innovations to make our customers more productive and resilient. As a result, Microsoft delivered strong results for its shareholders, including a return of $46.6 billion in the form of share
repurchases and dividends. We look forward to more opportunity ahead as we remain committed to the long-term interests of the Company’s shareholders.
Microsoft
continued to provide transparency in its progress towards important environmental and social commitments, including our climate goals, our progress towards advancing diversity and inclusion across our workforce, and the Racial Equity Initiative
goals we are committed to meet by 2025. For more information on these initiatives and information across a breadth of environmental, social, and governance topics, we encourage you to read the progress reports Microsoft published over the course of
the past fiscal year which are available at microsoft.com/transparency and microsoft.com/csr .
Beyond Microsoft’s own commitments, the Company
continues to emphasize its mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. A litmus test for the Company is not only what it is doing by or for itself, but what it is doing to help others accomplish more. With
that in mind, Microsoft is working to infuse what we have learned from our environmental and social commitments into new tools, products, and services that help our partners and customers. These include Microsoft Cloud for Sustainability, Microsoft
Security Solutions, and data privacy tools with Microsoft Priva. This approach not only multiplies the impacts of Microsoft’s environmental and social commitments, but also drives new innovations and revenues that drive future business growth.
This Proxy Statement describes Microsoft’s corporate governance policies and practices that foster the Board’s effective oversight of the Company’s
business strategies and practices. A key component to our effective governance is the Board’s commitment to provide oversight and perspectives reflecting a diversity of independent views. This year’s Board nominees represent a wide range
of backgrounds and expertise. We believe our diversity of experiences, perspectives, and skills contributes to the Board’s effectiveness in managing risk and providing guidance that positions Microsoft for long-term success in a dynamically
changing business environment. Of the 12 Board nominees, 11 are independent, which includes our Lead Independent Director and all Committee chairs and members.
Also
this year, the Board of Directors changed the name of its Regulatory and Public Policy Committee to the Environmental, Social, and Public Policy Committee. We believe the new name, which became effective June 1, 2022, better reflects the
committee’s existing responsibility to assist the Board in overseeing policies and programs and related risks that concern important environmental and social matters such as environmental sustainability, privacy, trade, digital safety,
responsible artificial intelligence, and competition and antitrust.
The Proxy Statement also includes information about all of the management and sha