corporate social responsibility
Microsoft’s
commitment to achieving its mission extends beyond products and services. It also informs the Company’s policies and business practices, and commitment to helping address economic, social, and environmental issues around the world.
Microsoft’s approach - in important areas like energy usage, data privacy, and diversity and inclusion - is always grounded in its mission and values.
The Regulatory and Public Policy Committee of the Board leads oversight of Microsoft’s corporate social responsibility (“CSR”). The
Committee’s charter includes reviewing and providing guidance on policies and programs related to:
• Human rights
• Environmental sustainability
• Supply chain management
• Political activities & expenditures
• Philanthropy
Board
composition and refreshment
As part of our ongoing commitment to
creating a balanced Board with diverse viewpoints and deep industry expertise, we regularly add new directors to infuse new ideas and fresh perspectives in the boardroom.
In 2017, we welcomed Reid Hoffman and Hugh Johnston to the Board. Mr. Hoffman, who joined in March, is the co-founder and former CEO of LinkedIn
and a partner at Greylock Partners. Mr. Johnston, who joined in September, is Vice Chairman and Chief Financial Officer of PepsiCo. We are also pleased to announce the nominations of Penny Pritzker and Arne Sorenson for election to the Board at
our November 29 Annual Meeting. Ms. Pritzker is founder and chairman of PSP Capital and the former U.S. Secretary of Commerce. Mr. Sorenson is President and Chief Executive Officer of Marriott International, Inc. All are accomplished
business leaders with significant experience directly relevant to Microsoft’s strategic vision and business strategies.
Mason Morfit is not seeking re-election and will end his Board service in November. We thank Mr. Morfit for his many contributions.
Though we still have more work to do, our Board nominees continue to be more
diverse than ever; seven of fourteen nominees are either female, nationally, or ethnically diverse.
Table of Contents
Effective July 2017, we adopted a new board tenure policy. Since we first adopted our Corporate Governance Guidelines, it has been our intention to
maintain a board with backgrounds and experiences that match the evolution of the Company. In keeping with this mindset, we adopted a board tenure policy that targets an average tenure of ten years or less for the Board’s independent directors
as a group. This approach strikes a balance between retaining directors with deep knowledge of the Company while adding directors who bring a fresh perspective.
Incentive compensation changes
We know from our shareholder engagement that investors favor incentive compensation tied to specific performance measures that are aimed at driving
long-term performance and value creation. In fiscal year 2017, we completed the steps described in last year’s Proxy Statement so that performance-based pay is aligned with key strategic opportunities, business results, and shareholder returns.
We adopted pre-established financial metrics to formulaically determine 50% of the annual cash incentive for all executive officers; we aligned the metrics for our performance stock awards with our three strategic ambitions, reducing overlap with
the annual bonus; and we reduced the maximum award levels for performance stock awards.
Shareholder engagement
We are committed to using technology to enhance our external relations and communications with our shareholders and other stakeholders. We work
closely with our partners to help pioneer innovative technology solutions such as using an online platform for hosting proxy statements to deliver an interactive version through the Microsoft Investor Relations website.
In addition to the proxy statement and our virtual shareholder meetings,
Microsoft’s director video series is another channel we offer to help shareholders understand the unique skills and perspectives that each director brings to the board. In the most recent installment, Sandra Peterson shares her thoughts on how
Microsoft’s leadership is reinvigorating our Company culture, the power of cloud technology in healthcare, and how diversity in the workplace is always a smart business decision. The complete series can be viewed on our website at
https://aka.ms/DirectorVideoSeries .
Thank you for the trust you place
in us and your continued investment in our vision for the future. We appreciate the opportunity to serve Microsoft on your behalf.
Sincerely,
Your Board of Directors
2017 PROXY STATEMENT iii
Table of Contents
Notice of 2017 Annual Shareholders Meeting
Date
November 29, 2017
Time
8:00 a.m. Pacific Time
Place
Meydenbauer Center, 11100 NE 6th Street, Bellevue, Washington 98004
Record date
September 29, 2017. Only shareholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting.
Proxy voting
Make your vote count. Please vote your shares promptly to ensure the presence of a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Voting your shares now via the Internet, by telephone, or by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed
proxy card or voting instruction form will save the expense and extra work of additional solicitation. If you wish to vote by mail, we have enclosed an addressed envelope, postage prepaid if mailed in the United States. Submitting your proxy now
will not prevent you from voting your shares at the Annual Meeting, as your proxy is revocable at your option. We are requesting your vote to:
Items of
business
• Elect the 14 director nominees named in this Proxy Statement
• Approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive officers (the
“say-on-pay” vote)
• Vote, on a non-binding advisory basis, on the frequency (i.e., every one, two, or
three years) of holding the say-on-pay vote
• Ratify the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our
independent auditor for fiscal year 2018
• Approve material terms of the performance goals under the Microsoft
Corporation Executive Incentive Plan
• Approve the Microsoft Corporation 2017 Stock Plan
• Transact other business that may properly come before the Annual Meeting
Virtual meeting
You also may vote at
the Annual Meeting via the Internet by visiting www.microsoft.onlineshareholdermeeting.com and following the instructions.
Admission to
meeting
Proof of share ownership will be required to enter the Annual Meeting.
See Part 6 – “Information about the meeting” for details.
Important notice regarding the
availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting to be held on November 29, 2017 . Our 2017 Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Shareholders are available at www.microsoft.com/investor .
By order of the Board of Directors
John A. Seethoff
Secretary
Redmond, Washington
October 16, 2017
The use of cameras at the Annual Meeting is
prohibited and they will not be allowed into the meeting or any other adjacent areas, except by credentialed media. We realize that many mobile phones have built-in cameras; while these phones may be brought into the venue, the camera function may
not be used at any time.
2017 PROXY STATEMENT v
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement table of contents
Proxy summary
Corporate governance
at Microsoft
Corporate governance principles and practices
Our corporate governance cycle promotes effective shareholder engagement
Annual corporate governance cycle
Our progressive corporate governance framework
We have an independent Chairman of the Board
Our Board is independent
We have independent Board committees with appropriate expertise
We have progressive shareholder rights
Our approach to risk oversight
Key policies ensure accountability and alignment with shareholder interests
Directors receive orientation and continuing education
Board and committees annually evaluate their effectiveness
Our approach to corporate social responsibility
Political contributions transparency