sustainability
Note About Forward-Looking Statements
This Proxy Statement includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including the Proxy Summary and Part 2 – Named Executive Officer Compensation. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially in “Risk Factors,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of our Forms 10-K and 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise.
This Proxy Statement includes several website addresses and references to additional materials found on those websites. These websites and materials are not incorporated by reference herein.
Table of Contents
Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
October 19, 2023
Dear Shareholder,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, it is our pleasure to invite you to the 2023 Annual Shareholders Meeting of Microsoft Corporation (“Annual Meeting”), on December 7, 2023, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time. This year’s Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual format through a live webcast. We will provide the webcast of the Annual Meeting at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT23 . In addition, you will have the option to view the Annual Meeting through Microsoft Teams at microsoft.com/investor . A transcript with video and audio of the entire Annual Meeting will be available on the Microsoft Investor Relations website after the meeting. For more information on how to participate in the meeting, please see Part 5 – Information About the Meeting on page 88 in this Proxy Statement.
The Notice of 2023 Annual Shareholders and this Proxy Statement contain details of the business to be conducted during the Annual Meeting.
Whether or not you participate in the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. We urge you to promptly vote and submit your proxy (1) via the Internet, (2) by phone, or (3) if you received your proxy materials by mail, by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form in the envelope provided for your convenience.
This year’s shareholders Q&A session will include an opportunity to submit questions. You may submit a question in advance of the meeting at proxyvote.com after logging in with the control number (“Control Number”) found next to the label for postal mail recipients or within the body of the email sending you the Proxy Statement. Live questions may be submitted online beginning shortly before the start of the Annual Meeting through virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT23 .
Thank you for your continued investment in Microsoft.
Sincerely,
Satya Nadella
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Table of Contents
Letter from the Board of Directors
October 19, 2023
Dear Shareholder,
As we’ve expressed in this letter over the past several years, the Board is incredibly proud of the work Microsoft and its employees have done with our customers and partners to help the world use digital technology to address business and societal challenges around the globe. We are excited by what Microsoft’s advancements in a defining technology of our time, artificial intelligence (“AI”), can and will do for people, industry, and society and the central role AI will play in the Company’s mission to help every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. We also recognize the responsibility to ensure this world-changing technology is used responsibly. Microsoft’s work on AI is guided by a core set of principles: fairness, reliability and safety, privacy and security, inclusiveness, transparency, and accountability.
Amidst global business challenges, Microsoft revenues once again broke records in fiscal year 2023. Microsoft’s leadership and the Company as a whole achieved this through relentless focus on providing technology innovations to make our customers more productive and resilient. As a result, Microsoft delivered strong results for its shareholders, including a return of over $38 billion in the form of share repurchases and dividends. We look forward to more opportunity ahead as we remain committed to the long-term interests of the Company’s shareholders and a broad range of stakeholders critical to the Company’s success, including employees, customers, the communities we operate in, and our partners and suppliers.
With this in mind, Microsoft continued to provide transparency in its progress towards important environmental and social commitments, including our climate goals, our progress towards advancing diversity and inclusion across our workforce, and the Racial Equity Initiative goals we are committed to meet by 2025. For more information on these initiatives and information across a breadth of environmental, social, and governance topics, we encourage you to read the progress reports Microsoft published over the course of the past fiscal year which are available at microsoft.com/transparency and microsoft.com/csr .
This Proxy Statement describes Microsoft’s corporate governance policies and practices that foster the Board’s effective oversight of the Company’s business strategies and practices. A key component to our effective governance is the Board’s commitment to provide oversight and perspectives reflecting a diversity of independent views.
This year’s Board nominees represent a wide range of backgrounds and expertise. We believe our diversity of experiences, perspectives, and skills contributes to the Board’s effectiveness in managing risk and providing guidance that positions Microsoft for long-term success in a dynamically changing business environment. Of the 12 Board nominees, 11 are independent, which includes Sandra Peterson as Lead Independent Director and all committee chairs and members. We are pleased to announce the nominations of Catherine MacGregor and Mark Mason for election to the Board at our December 7, 2023 Annual Meeting. Ms. MacGregor is Group CEO of Engie S.A. (“Engie”) and a member of the Engie board. She is an accomplished leader in the energy business and will bring significant insights and global experience to Microsoft. Mr. Mason is CFO of Citigroup Inc. He brings strategic and operational experience and a deep understanding of how commerce is changing globally.
In addition, two members of the Board have decided not to seek re-election and will end their Board service in December: Padmasree Warrior and John Thompson. Ms. Warrior served on the Board and on the Compensation Committee for nearly eight years and has contributed valuable insights and perspectives in those roles. During his eleven-year tenure, Mr. Thompson served as both Board Chair and Lead Independent Director, led the CEO search and succession process from Steve Ballmer to Satya Nadella, and chaired the Governance and Nominating Committee during a fruitful period of Board refreshment and diversification. We