Sustainability
Note About Forward-Looking Statements
This Proxy Statement
includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including the Proxy Summary and Part 2 – Named Executive Officer
Compensation. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,”
“future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and
events to differ materially in “Risk Factors,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of
our Forms 10-K and 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether
because of new information, future events, or otherwise.
Table of Contents
Letter from our CEO
October 19,
2020
Dear Shareholder,
On behalf of the Board of
Directors, it is our pleasure to invite you to the 2020 Annual Shareholders Meeting of Microsoft Corporation (“Annual Meeting”), on December 2, 2020, beginning at 8:00 a.m. Pacific Time. This year’s Annual Meeting will
be held in a virtual format through a live webcast. We will provide the webcast of the Annual Meeting at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT20 . In addition, you will have the option to view the Annual Meeting through Microsoft Teams at
www.microsoft.com/investor . A transcript with video and audio of the entire Annual Meeting will be available on the Microsoft Investor Relations website after the meeting. For further information on how to participate in the meeting, please
see Part 5 – Information About the Meeting on page 70 in this Proxy Statement.
The Notice of 2020 Annual Shareholders Meeting and this Proxy Statement contain
details of the business to be conducted during the Annual Meeting.
Whether or not you participate in the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be
represented and voted. We urge you to promptly vote and submit your proxy (1) via the Internet, (2) by phone, or (3) if you received your proxy materials by mail, by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting
instruction form in the envelope provided for your convenience.
This year’s shareholders Q&A session will include questions submitted both live and in
advance. You may submit a question in advance of the meeting at www.proxyvote.com after logging in with the control number (“Control Number”) found next to the label for postal mail recipients or within the body of the email sending
you the Proxy Statement. Live questions may be submitted online beginning shortly before the start of the Annual Meeting through www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT20 . We will post questions and answers if applicable to Microsoft’s
business on our Investor Relations website shortly after the meeting.
Thank you for your continued investment in Microsoft.
Sincerely,
Satya Nadella
Chief Executive Officer
Table of Contents
Letter from the Board of Directors
October 19, 2020
Dear Shareholder,
This past fiscal year presented unprecedented societal and business challenges on a global scale. We mourn the losses COVID-19 has inflicted on so many individuals and
families across the world. We’re humbled and appreciative of the opportunities Microsoft has had to empower our customers and partners to meet the challenges they face and will continue our contributions to help the world respond to and
eventually control COVID-19. Throughout the year, the Board and executive leadership of Microsoft collaborated closely to ensure the Company met its commitments to a broad range of stakeholders, including our employees, customers, the communities we
operate in, suppliers, and of course our shareholders.
This year also included necessary
recognition and reckoning with global issues of racial justice in communities across the United States and around the world. The Board worked with Microsoft’s senior leadership team and employees to reflect on, learn, and identify the role
Microsoft must play in driving change. In June, the Company announced specific actions to address racial injustice and inequity for the Black and African American community in the U.S. These are focused on three multiyear, sustained efforts:
increasing our representation and culture of inclusion, engaging our ecosystem, and strengthening our communities. We know this is not a one-time event and will require ongoing work and focus in the months and years ahead. This year also included
significant new sustainability commitments by the Company, including the goal to be carbon negative by 2030.
Amidst the challenges, fiscal year 2020 offered another record year for financial performance, and Microsoft delivered strong results for our shareholders, including a
return of $35 billion in the form of share repurchases and dividends. We look forward to more opportunity ahead as we remain committed to the long-term interests of our shareholders. In seeking shareholder perspectives, during fiscal year 2020, our
Board Chair and members of management engaged with a cross-section of shareholders owning over 48% of Microsoft shares. Shareholder feedback helped inform the continued evolution of our executive compensation program towards more performance-based
compensation and to further enhance transparency on compensation decisions and other topics.
This year’s Board nominees represent a wide range of backgrounds and expertise. We believe our diversity of experiences, perspectives, and skills contributes to the
Board’s effectiveness in managing risk and providing guidance that positions Microsoft for long-term success in a dynamically changing business environment. Of our 12 Board nominees, 11 are independent, which includes our Board Chair and all
Committee members. This year, Co-Founder and Technology Advisor Bill Gates stepped down from the Company’s Board of Directors to dedicate more time to his philanthropic priorities. He continues to serve as Technology Advisor to CEO Satya
Nadella and other leaders in the Company. The Board has benefited from Bill’s leadership and vision in innumerable ways over the years, and we are grateful for his contributions and insights.
This Proxy Statement describes Microsoft’s corporate governance policies and practices that
foster the Board’s effective oversight of the Company’s business strategies and practices. We encourage you to view our ESG and Director Video Series to bring this information to life. The videos provide an opportunity for directors to
discuss how we approach our roles and responsibilities and share the unique perspectives we bring to the Board, as well as of leaders from across Microsoft discussing our commitments to address key environmental and social challenges. The series is
available at https://aka.ms/DirectorVideoSeries .
As we look to the year ahead, we see
tremendous possibilities for Microsoft to continue to help our customers and partners recover from the challenges of 2020 and we are excited about the opportunities ahead for the Company’s business, shareholder value creation, and positive
impacts at a global scale. We appreciate your investment in Microsoft and thank you for