sustainability
Note About Forward-Looking Statements
This Proxy Statement includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including the Proxy Summary, Part 2 – Named Executive Officer Compensation, and Part 4 – Proposals to be Voted on During the Meeting. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,” “future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and events to differ materially in “Risk Factors,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of our Forms 10-K and 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise.
This Proxy Statement includes several website addresses and references to additional materials found on those websites. These websites and materials are not incorporated by reference herein.
Table of Contents
Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
October 24, 2024
Dear Shareholder,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, it is our pleasure to invite you to the 2024 Annual Shareholders Meeting of Microsoft Corporation (“Annual Meeting”), on December 10, 2024, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time. This year’s Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual format through a live webcast. We will provide the webcast of the Annual Meeting at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT24 . In addition, you will have the option to view the Annual Meeting through Microsoft Teams at microsoft.com/investor . A transcript with video and audio of the entire Annual Meeting will be available on the Microsoft Investor Relations website after the meeting. For more information on how to participate in the meeting, please see Part 5 – Information About the Meeting on page 90 in this Proxy Statement.
The Notice of 2024 Annual Shareholders and this Proxy Statement contain details of the business to be conducted during the Annual Meeting.
Whether or not you participate in the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. We urge you to promptly vote and submit your proxy (1) via the Internet, (2) by phone, or (3) if you received your proxy materials by mail, by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form in the envelope provided for your convenience.
This year’s shareholders Q&A session will include an opportunity to submit questions. You may submit a question in advance of the meeting at proxyvote.com after logging in with the control number (“Control Number”) found next to the label for postal mail recipients or within the body of the email sending you the Proxy Statement. Live questions may be submitted online beginning shortly before the start of the Annual Meeting through virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT24 .
Thank you for your continued investment in Microsoft.
Sincerely,
Satya Nadella
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Table of Contents
Letter from the Board of Directors
October 24, 2024
Dear Shareholder,
Microsoft’s Board remains incredibly proud of the work the Company and its employees have done to help customers and partners tackle business and societal challenges around the globe using digital technology. We are excited by Microsoft’s advancements in a defining technology of our time, artificial intelligence (“AI”), and the central role AI will play in the Company’s mission to help every person and organization on the planet to achieve more. We also appreciate the Company’s work to ensure this world-changing technology is guided by the values of transparency, accountability, fairness, inclusiveness, reliability and safety, and privacy and security.
Amidst global business challenges, Microsoft revenue once again broke records in fiscal year 2024. Microsoft’s leadership and the Company as a whole achieved this through an ongoing focus on providing technology innovations to make our customers more productive and resilient. As a result, Microsoft delivered strong results for its shareholders, including a return of over $34 billion in the form of share repurchases and dividends. We look forward to more opportunity ahead as we remain committed to the long-term interests of the Company’s shareholders and a broad range of stakeholders critical to the Company’s success, including employees, customers, the communities we operate in, and our partners and suppliers.
With this in mind, Microsoft continued to enhance our reporting on important environmental and social matters, including the release of our inaugural Responsible AI Transparency Report. Also of note, in response to the evolving cybersecurity threat landscape, Microsoft launched the Secure Future Initiative (“SFI”) to focus our business strategy and efforts on continual improvement in cybersecurity protection.
For more information on these initiatives and information across a breadth of environmental, social, and governance topics, we encourage you to read the progress reports Microsoft published over the course of the past fiscal year which are available at microsoft.com/transparency and microsoft.com/csr .
This Proxy Statement describes Microsoft’s corporate governance policies and practices that foster the Board’s effective oversight of the Company’s business strategies and practices. A key component to our effective governance is the Board’s commitment to provide oversight and perspectives reflecting a diversity of independent views. Of this year’s Board nominees, 11 of 12 are independent, which includes Sandra Peterson as Lead Independent Director and all committee chairs and members. The nominees represent a wide range of backgrounds, experiences, and skills. We believe our diversity of perspectives contributes to the Board’s effectiveness in managing risk and providing guidance that positions Microsoft for long-term success in a dynamically changing business environment. Beyond their particular expertise, we also seek directors with proven leadership experience that enables them to understand and contribute meaningfully to the oversight of the broad range of business, risk, and regulatory matters the Company faces.
The Proxy Statement also includes information about all of the management and shareholder proposals up for a vote at the Company’s Annual Meeting. We value your vote and we encourage you to use one of the options laid out in this Proxy Statement to vote your shares whether or not you plan to join us for the Annual Meeting. As we look ahead, we continue to see tremendous opportunities for the Company’s business and shareholder value creation, with the ability to deliver positive impacts at a global scale. We appreciate your investment in Microsoft and thank you for the trust you place in us and the opportunity to serve you and our Company as directors.
Sincerely,
Your Board of Directors
Table of Contents
Notice of 2024 Annual Shareholders Meeting
Date
December 10, 2024
Time
8:30 a.m. Pacific Time
Virtual Meeting
This year’s meeting is a virtual shareholders meeting at virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT