corporate responsibility
Governance
Microsoft’s mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more is ambitious, and we cannot fulfill it with a narrow, short-term
focus. We strongly believe our adoption of leading governance practices fosters our sustained business success over the long term. Strong corporate governance, informed by participation from our shareholders, is essential to achieving our mission.
Financial 9 Gender, ethnic, or national 7 diversity Global business 13 Leadership 14 Mergers and 11 acquisitions Sales and 5 marketing Technology 9
Independent Independent Other
Diverse Diverse Other
2018 PROXY STATEMENT 5
Table of Contents
Independent Board and Board committees
• Independent Chairman of the Board ; Chairman and CEO
positions have been separate since 2000.
• 12 of 14 director nominees are independent .
• The Board seeks to maintain an
average tenure of 10 years or less for its independent directors as a group.
• All committee members are independent .
• Independent directors meet in
executive session at least quarterly.
• Regular committee executive sessions of independent directors .
• We conduct annual board and committee
evaluations .
• We have robust
director orientation and continuing education programs for directors.
• All Audit Committee members are financially literate , and all are audit committee financial
experts .
• Our Compensation
Committee uses an independent compensation consultant .
Advanced shareholder rights
• Directors are elected by majority vote in uncontested
elections.
• All directors are
elected annually .
• Our bylaws
provide for proxy access by shareholders .
• 15% of outstanding shares can call a special meeting.
• We have a confidential voting
policy .
Strong shareholder
support on say-on-pay
96% say-on-pay support at our 2017 Annual Meeting. Our Compensation Committee believes the vote indicates
support for our program, including enhancements made over the past four years.
Active shareholder engagement
During fiscal year 2018, independent members of our Board and members of senior management conducted outreach to a
cross-section of shareholders owning over 46% of our shares.
See Part 1 – “Corporate governance at
Microsoft” for more information.
Corporate social responsibility
Our approach to corporate social responsibility
At Microsoft, we work to
conduct our business in ways that are principled, transparent, and accountable to key stakeholders. We believe doing so generates long-term value. We focus our efforts where we can have the most positive impact on our business and society, including
issues related to environmental sustainability, trust, and culture and human capital. As a reflection of the importance of these matters, we assign oversight responsibility for corporate social responsibility to the Regulatory and Public Policy
Committee of the Board, who works with management to review our policies, programs, and performance.
Beyond the corporate social responsibility highlights below, we
invite you to explore the wide range of Microsoft Environmental, Social, and Governance (“ESG”) reporting and data available at www.microsoft.com/transparency .
Environmental sustainability
Energy use and its relationship to climate change
are important areas of focus for us. We strive to improve our own carbon footprint while also providing solutions that enable our customers to reduce their energy use and enhance organizational resiliency in the face of climate change.
75% — Microsoft pledged to reduce carbon emissions
from our operations 75% by 2030
93% — Microsoft cloud services can cut energy use
up to 93% compared to traditional enterprise datacenters
1.4 gigawatts of green power — Since 2015,
Microsoft has directly purchased a total of nearly 1.4 gigawatts of electricity from new wind and solar projects
Table of Contents
Trust
Earning the trust of
our customers and other stakeholders is fundamental to our business success. We know that people won’t use technology they don’t trust.
To ensure our customers can trust the Microsoft products and services they use, we’ve published clear privacy
principles and are committed to implementing a strong privacy, security, compliance, and transparency framework across all of our services.
Microsoft was the first global cloud services provider to publicly offer contractual commitments that allow our customers to
meet the privacy protections in the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). We also extended key GDPR rights to all of our consumer customers worldwide. Known as Data Subject Rights, they include the right to
know what data we collect about you, to correct that data, to delete it, and even to take it somewhere else.
We’re disrupting cybercrime through the innovative application of technology, forensics, law, and partnerships by
Microsoft’s Digital Crimes Unit, an international team of investigators, data scientists, and engineers. In 2018, we also launched Microsoft’s Defending Democracy Program to work globally to protect campaigns and elections from hacking and
defend against online disinformation campaigns. We helped drive the Cybersecurity Tech Accord, a commitment by Microsoft and over three dozen tech companies to not help any government mount cyberattacks against civilians and enterprises, and we have
championed a Digital Geneva Convention prohibiting governments from cyberattacks on the private sector and civilian infrastructure.
Culture and
human capital
At Microsoft, we strive to create a respectful, rewarding, diverse, and inclusive work environment that enables our employees to create products
and services that help others to achieve more. Our leadership is focused on bringing out the best in people, supporting their goals, and allowing them to find deep meaning in their work. This includes building a culture where integrity, honesty, and
compliance guide our decision making and employees feel free to ask questions and raise concerns when something doesn’t seem right. Our commitment to diversity and inclusion is also a core aspect of our evolving culture that helps us fulfill
our mission. Thompson Reuters included Microsoft in its 2018 Diversity & Inclusion Index of the 100 most diverse and inclusive organizations from among 7,000 publicly traded companies around the world. The Board, the Compensation Committee,
and the Regulatory and Public Policy Committee engage with the Senior Leadership Team and human resource executives on a regular basis across a broad range of human capital management issues.
The vast majority of our global employees participate in an annual anonymous poll. Here is a selection of results:
Participation rate FY16 - 85% FY17 - 86% FY18 - 86% I feel proud to work for Microsoft FY16 - 92% FY17 - 92% FY18 - 93% I would
recommend Microsoft as a great place to work FY16 - 87% FY17 - 88% FY18 - 89% I have a positive working relationship with my manager FY16 - 93% FY17 - 93% FY18 - 93%
Political contributions transparency
Recognizing the interest of shareholders
in establishing greater transparency about corporate political contributions, we disclose our political contributions to support candidates and ballot measures and how certain of our trade association membership dues are used for political
activities. As part of our commitment to transparency, we developed the Principles and Policies Guiding Microsoft Participation in Public Policy Process in the United States, which focuses on ensuring compliance with applicable federal and state
laws and go beyond compliance to implement what we consider leading practices in corporate accountability, transparency, integrity, and responsibility. The policy is available at
www.microsoft.com/en-us/public-policy-engagement .
2018 PROXY STATEMENT 7
Table of Contents
1. Corporate governance at Microsoft
Our Board of Directors believes that effective corporate governance creates the foundation that allows Microsoft to pursue its mission.