Corporate social responsibility
Microsoft’s corporate social responsibility commitments contribute long-term value to our business, our shareholders, and communities around the
world. Achieving our mission to empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more requires that we be thoughtful about the impact of our own business practices and policies and our investments in communities. Knowing our
decisions can affect our employees, customers, partners, shareholders, suppliers, and communities, we seek to ensure their perspectives are considered in ways that help us earn and maintain their trust. For more about Microsoft’s commitments
and performance, please visit: http://www.microsoft.com/csr .
Earlier this year we introduced Microsoft Philanthropies to build on the foundation of Microsoft’s 30-plus years of giving, seeking new ways to
achieve greater outcomes for a broader segment of the world’s population. Microsoft Philanthropies is investing Microsoft’s greatest assets to drive greater digital inclusion and empowerment of people who do not have access to
technology and the opportunities it offers and enables.
One of our first
initiatives is the donation of $1 billion in Microsoft cloud services to nonprofits and university researchers over the next three years. Our objective is to help recipients around the world obtain the access they need and deserve to pursue
cutting-edge solutions to society’s most pressing problems. For more information about Microsoft Philanthropies, please visit: https://www.microsoft.com/about/philanthropies/ .
Communicating with the Board
We deeply value the continued interest of and feedback from our shareholders, and
are committed to maintaining our active dialogue with you to ensure a diversity of perspectives are thoughtfully considered. As we move closer to our Annual Meeting, we invite you to write us at AskBoard@microsoft.com about the Board of
Directors or corporate governance at Microsoft.
Thank you for the trust you
place in us. We appreciate the opportunity to serve Microsoft on your behalf.
Sincerely,
Your Board of Directors
2016 PROXY STATEMENT iii
Table of Contents
Notice of 2016 Annual Shareholders Meeting
Date
November 30, 2016
Time
8:00 a.m. Pacific Time
Place
Meydenbauer Center, 11100 NE 6th Street, Bellevue, Washington 98004
Record date
September 30, 2016. Only shareholders of record at the close of business on the record date are entitled to receive notice of, and to vote at, the Annual Meeting.
Proxy voting
Make your vote count. Please vote your shares promptly to ensure the presence of a quorum at the Annual Meeting. Voting your shares now via the Internet, by telephone, or by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed
proxy card or voting instruction form will save the expenses and extra work of additional solicitation. If you wish to vote by mail, we have enclosed an addressed envelope, postage prepaid if mailed in the United States. Submitting your proxy now
will not prevent you from voting your shares at the Annual Meeting, as your proxy is revocable at your option.
Items of
business
• To elect the 11 director nominees named in this Proxy Statement
• To approve, on a non-binding advisory basis, the compensation paid to our named executive officers
• To ratify the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent auditor for fiscal year 2017
• To approve an amendment to our Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation
• To approve a French Sub Plan under the 2001 Stock Plan
• To consider and vote on a shareholder proposal described in the accompanying Proxy Statement, if properly
presented at the Annual Meeting
• To transact other business that may properly come before the Annual
Meeting
Virtual meeting
You also may vote at the Annual Meeting
via the Internet by visiting www.microsoft.onlineshareholdermeeting.com and following the instructions.
Admission to
meeting
Proof of share ownership will be required to enter the Annual Meeting.
See Part 7 – “Information about the meeting” for details.
Important notice regarding the
availability of proxy materials for the Annual Meeting to be held on November 30, 2016. Our 2016 Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Shareholders are available at www.microsoft.com/investor .
By order of the Board of Directors
John A. Seethoff
Secretary
Redmond, Washington
October 18, 2016
The use of cameras at the Annual Meeting is
prohibited and they will not be allowed into the meeting or any other adjacent areas, except by credentialed media. We realize that many mobile phones have built-in cameras; while these phones may be brought into the venue, the camera function may
not be used at any time.
2016 PROXY
STATEMENT v
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement table of contents
Proxy summary
Corporate governance
at Microsoft
Corporate governance principles and practices
Our corporate governance cycle promotes effective shareholder engagement
Our progressive corporate governance framework
We have an independent Chairman of the Board
Our Board is independent
We have independent Board committees with appropriate expertise
Shareholder rights
Our approach to risk oversight
Compensation accountability
Director orientation and continuing education
Annual Board and committee evaluations
Corporate social responsibility
Political contributions transparency
How to communicate with our
Board
Board of
Directors