Sustainability
Note About Forward-Looking Statements
This Proxy Statement
includes estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives, and expected operating results that are “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995,
Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report, including the Proxy Summary and Part 2 – Named Executive Officer
Compensation. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words “believe,” “project,” “expect,” “anticipate,” “estimate,” “intend,” “strategy,”
“future,” “opportunity,” “plan,” “may,” “should,” “will,” “would,” “will be,” “will continue,” “will likely result,” and similar expressions.
Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially. We describe risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results and
events to differ materially in “Risk Factors,” “Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk,” and “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” sections of
our Forms 10-K and 10-Q. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. We undertake no
obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether because of new information, future events, or otherwise.
This Proxy Statement includes several website addresses and references to additional materials found on those websites. These websites and
materials are not incorporated by reference herein.
Table of Contents
Letter from our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
October 14, 2021
Dear Shareholder,
On behalf of the Board of Directors, it is our pleasure to invite you to the 2021 Annual Shareholders Meeting of Microsoft Corporation (“Annual Meeting”),
on November 30, 2021, beginning at 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time. This year’s Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual format through a live webcast. We will provide the webcast of the Annual Meeting at
virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT21 . In addition, you will have the option to view the Annual Meeting through Microsoft Teams at microsoft.com/investor . A transcript with video and audio of the entire Annual Meeting will be available
on the Microsoft Investor Relations website after the meeting. For further information on how to participate in the meeting, please see Part 5 – Information About the Meeting on page 83 in this Proxy Statement.
The Notice of 2021 Annual Shareholders Meeting and this Proxy Statement contain details of the business to be conducted during the Annual Meeting.
Whether or not you participate in the Annual Meeting, it is important that your shares be represented and voted. We urge you to promptly vote and submit your proxy
(1) via the Internet, (2) by phone, or (3) if you received your proxy materials by mail, by signing, dating, and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form in the envelope provided for your convenience.
This year’s shareholders Q&A session will include an opportunity to submit questions. You may submit a question in advance of the meeting at proxyvote.com
after logging in with the control number (“Control Number”) found next to the label for postal mail recipients or within the body of the email sending you the Proxy Statement. Live questions may be submitted online beginning shortly before
the start of the Annual Meeting through virtualshareholdermeeting.com/MSFT21 .
Thank you for your continued investment in Microsoft.
Sincerely,
Satya Nadella
Chairman and Chief Executive
Officer
Table of Contents
Letter from the Board of Directors
October 14, 2021
Dear Shareholder,
This past fiscal year presented
continuing business, social, and environmental challenges on a truly global scale. We’re proud of the work Microsoft and its employees have done with our customers and partners to help the world use digital technology to successfully meet the
challenges we all face. Throughout the year, the Board and executive leadership of Microsoft collaborated closely to ensure the Company continued to meet its commitments to a broad range of stakeholders, including its employees, customers, the
communities we operate in, partners, suppliers, and of course, its shareholders.
Amidst the challenges, Microsoft once again broke records for financial performance
in fiscal year 2021. Microsoft delivered strong results for its shareholders, including a return of $39.8 billion in the form of dividends and share repurchases. We look forward to more opportunity ahead as we remain committed to the long-term
interests of the Company’s shareholders.
As Microsoft disclosed in numerous reports, the year also marked important progress on Microsoft’s Environmental,
Social, and Governance (“ESG”) commitments. One year after announcing an ambitious set of climate-related pledges, Microsoft issued its most comprehensive environmental sustainability report to date, which details actions the Company is
taking to be carbon negative, as well as setting our plans to become water positive, zero waste, and create a “Planetary Computer” to gather data that will help improve the world’s biodiversity. Microsoft issued a report detailing a
number of the actions it has taken on the one-year anniversary of the Company’s launch of its Racial Equity Initiative, which involves a set of commitments the Company is taking over the next five years
to address racial injustice. Microsoft reported advances in its 2020 Global Diversity and Inclusion Report, while acknowledging the significant work still needed. For these reports and information across a breadth of ESG topics, we encourage you to
read the progress reports Microsoft published over the course of the past fiscal year which are available at microsoft.com/transparency and microsoft.com/csr .
This Proxy Statement describes Microsoft’s corporate governance policies and practices that foster the Board’s effective oversight of the Company’s
business strategies and practices. A key component to our effective governance is the Board’s commitment to provide oversight and perspectives reflecting a diversity of independent views. This year’s Board nominees represent a wide range
of backgrounds and expertise. We believe our diversity of experiences, perspectives, and skills contributes to the Board’s effectiveness in managing risk and providing guidance that positions Microsoft for long-term success in a dynamically
changing business environment. Of the 12 Board nominees, 11 are independent, which includes our Lead Independent Director and all Committee chairs and members.
are pleased to announce the nomination of Carlos Rodriguez for election to the Board at our Annual Meeting. Mr. Rodriguez is President and CEO of Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (“ADP”) and a member of the ADP board. He is an
accomplished business leader who has driven major advances in human capital management solutions at ADP and will bring significant insights and experience to Microsoft.
We were deeply saddened by the passing of Arne Sorenson earlier this year. We are grateful for his service to the Microsoft Board of Directors and mentorship over the
years and we offer our continued condolences to his family, loved ones, and his friends and colleagues at Marriott.
The Proxy Statement also includes information
about all of the management and shareholder proposals up for a vote at the Company’s Annual Meeting. We value your vote and we encourage you to use one of the options laid out in this proxy to vote your shares whether or not you plan to join us
for the Annual Meeting. As we look ahead, we continue to see tremendous opportunities for the Company’s business and shareholder value creation, with the ability to deli