Corporate Responsibility, Sustainability & Governance Committee charter to more explicitly highlight the committee’s continuing oversight of our integrated Purpose Offense, a unified approach to our focus on and commitment to sustainability, social and community impact, and diversity and inclusion.
You may notice a new look to this year’s proxy statement. For example, we have added a director skills matrix to highlight the diverse and complementary experiences and backgrounds of our director nominees, in addition to formatting updates to make the proxy statement easier to read. This is the first step in a multi-year process intended to enhance communication with our shareholders through our annual report.
We are pleased to invite you to attend the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of NIKE, Inc. to be held at the Tiger Woods Conference Center, One Bowerman Drive, Beaverton, Oregon 97005-6453, on Thursday, September 19, 2019, at 10:00 A.M. Pacific Time. Registration will begin at 9:00 A.M. We look forward to welcoming many of you at our annual meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend, the prompt execution and return of your proxy card will both assure that your shares are represented at the meeting and minimize the cost of proxy solicitation. Thank you for your continued support.
Sincerely,
MARK G. PARKER, CHAIRMAN
“As a company, we
have passion for
sport, for authenticity,
and for relentless
self-improvement.
And as a Board,
we bring that same
passion to corporate
governance.”
July 23, 2019
2019 PROXY STATEMENT 1
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING
OF SHAREHOLDERS
September 19, 2019
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF NIKE, INC.
You are cordially invited to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders of NIKE, Inc., an Oregon corporation:
DATE AND TIME:
Thursday, September 19, 2019,
at 10:00 A.M. Pacific Time
LOCATION:
Tiger Woods Conference Center
One Bowerman Drive
Beaverton, Oregon 97005-6453
ITEMS OF BUSINESS:
PROPOSAL
PAGE REFERENCE
1 To elect the 12 directors named in the accompanying proxy statement for the ensuing year.
Page 5
Class A
Will elect nine directors.
Class B
Will elect three directors.
Holders of Class A Stock and holders of Class B Stock will vote together as one class all other proposals.
2 To approve executive compensation by an advisory vote.
Page 27
3 To ratify the appointment of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm.
Page 47
4 To transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting.
All shareholders are invited to attend the meeting. Shareholders of record at the close of business on July 19, 2019, the record date fixed by the Board of Directors, are entitled to notice of and to vote at the meeting. You must present identification and your proxy, voter instruction card, or meeting notice for admission.
By Order of the Board of Directors,
Ann M. Miller
Vice President, Corporate Secretary, and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders To Be Held on September 19, 2019. The proxy statement and NIKE, Inc.’s 2019 Annual Report to Shareholders are available online at www.investorvote.com or www.proxyvote.com, for registered and beneficial owners, respectively.
2 NIKE, INC.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PAGE
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
Proxy Statement
Voting Securities and Vote Required
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE