sustainability report and the full Board has oversight responsibility on diversity and
inclusion matters. In response to stockholder feedback, in 2020 we began publishing our EEO-1 report and enhanced our diversity disclosures on our Diversity and Inclusion website.
2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Table of Contents
Executive Compensation Highlights
Fiscal 2021
Named Executive Officers (NEOs)
• Lawrence J.
Ellison, Chairman and CTO
• Safra A. Catz,
CEO*
• Edward Screven, Executive Vice President, Chief Corporate Architect
• Dorian E. Daley,
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
* Ms. Catz also serves as our principal financial officer
CEO Compensation at a Glance
2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Table of Contents
Fiscal 2021 Compensation
Mr. Ellison and Ms. Catz
Below is an excerpt of our fiscal 2021 Summary Compensation Table (SCT) showing the total compensation for Mr. Ellison and
Ms. Catz. See page 52 for the full SCT and related footnotes.
Name
Fiscal
Year
Salary
Non-Equity
Incentive Plan
Compensation
All Other
Compensation ($)
Total ($)
Lawrence J. Ellison
2021
9,584,656
2,189,131
11,773,788
Safra A.
Catz
2021
950,000
9,584,656
96,567
10,631,223
Human Resources and Compensation Best Practices
Best Practices We
Employ
High proportion of compensation for our CEO and CTO is performance-based and aligned with stockholders’ interests
Caps on maximum payout of bonuses and performance-based equity awards
Robust stock ownership guidelines
Disciplined dilution rates from equity awards
Compensation recovery (clawback) policy for cash bonuses in the event of a financial restatement
Independent Compensation Committee
Annual risk assessment of compensation programs
Independent compensation consultant
Anti-hedging policy applicable to all employees and directors
Anti-pledging policy with limited exceptions
Compensation Committee reviews attrition data for employees at all career levels
Diversity metrics and EEO-1 statement are publicly available on our Diversity and Inclusion website
Modern approach to work, including a flexible employee work location policy
Practices
We Avoid
No severance benefit arrangements except as provided under our equity incentive plan to employees generally or as required by law
No single-trigger change in control vesting of equity awards
No change in control acceleration of performance-based cash bonuses
No minimum guaranteed vesting for performance-based equity awards granted to our NEOs
No discretionary cash bonuses for CEO and CTO
No “golden parachute” tax reimbursements or gross-ups for NEOs
No payout or settlement of dividends or dividend equivalents on unvested equity awards
No supplemental executive retirement plans, executive pensions or excessive retirement benefits
No repricing, cash-out or exchange of “underwater” stock options without stockholder approval
2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Table of Contents
PROXY STATEMENT
We are providing these proxy materials in connection with Oracle Corporation’s 2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Annual Meeting). The
Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the Notice), this proxy statement and the accompanying proxy card or voting instruction card, including an Internet link to our most recently filed Annual Report on
Form 10-K, were first made available to stockholders on or about September 24, 2021. This proxy statement contains important information for you to consider when deciding how to vote on the matters
brought before the Annual Meeting. Please read it carefully.
HOW DO I VOTE?
Your vote is important. You may vote on the
Internet, by telephone, by mail or by attending the Annual Meeting, all as described below. The Internet and telephone voting procedures are designed to authenticate stockholders by use of a control number and to allow you to confirm that your
instructions have been properly recorded. If you vote by telephone or on the Internet, you do not need to return your proxy card or voting instruction card. Telephone and Internet voting facilities are available now and will be available
24 hours a day until 11:59 p.m., Eastern Time, on November 9, 2021.
Vote on the Internet
If you are a stockholder of record, you may submit your proxy by going to www.proxyvote.com and following the instructions provided in the Notice. If you requested printed proxy materials, you may follow the instructions
provided with your proxy materials and on your proxy card. If your shares are held with a broker, you will need to go to the website provided on your Notice or voting instruction card. Have your Notice, proxy card or voting instruction card in hand
when you access the voting website. On the Internet voting site, you can confirm that your instructions have been properly recorded. If you vote on the Internet, you can also request electronic delivery of future proxy materials.
Vote by Telephone
If you
are a stockholder of record, you can also vote by telephone by dialing 1-800-690-6903. If your shares are held with a broker, you
can vote by telephone by dialing the number specified on your voting instruction card. Easy-to-follow voice prompts will allow you to vote your shares and confirm that
your instructions have been properly recorded. Have your proxy card or voting instruction card in hand when you call.
Vote by Mail
If you have requested printed proxy materials, you may choose to vote by mail, by marking your proxy card or voting instruction card,
dating and signing it, and returning it in the postage-paid envelope provided. If the envelope is missing, please mail your completed proxy card to Vote Processing, c/o Broadridge, 51 Mercedes Way, Edgewood, NY 11717. If the envelope is missing and
your shares are held with a broker, please mail your completed voting instruction card to the address specified therein. Please allow sufficient time for mailing if you decide to vote by mail.
Please note that if you received a Notice, you cannot vote by marking the Notice and returning it. The Notice provides instructions on how to
vote by Internet and how to request paper copies of the proxy materials.
Voting at the Annual Meeting
The method or timing of your vote will not limit your right to vote at the Annual Meeting if you attend the Annual Meeting and vote on the virtual
meeting platform. The shares voted electronically, telephonically, or represented by the proxy cards received, properly marked, dated, signed and not revoked, will be voted at the Annual Meeting.
2021 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Table of Contents
Attending the Annual Meeting
This year’s Annual Meeting will be held in a virtual format only. The accompanying proxy materials and the meeting’s website, www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ORCL2021 , include instructions on how to participate in the meeting and how you may vote your shares of Oracle
stock. To be admitted to the Annual Meeting online, vote and submit questions during the meeting, you must enter the 16-digit control number included on the Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials,
on your proxy card (if you requested printed materials), or on the instructions that accompanied your proxy materials.
The virtual meeting
platform is fully supported across browsers (Internet Explorer, Firefox, Chrome, and Safari) and devices (desktops, laptops, tablets, and cell phones) running the most updated version of applicable software and plugins. Participants should ensure
that they have a strong WiFi connection wherever they intend to participate in the meeting. Participants should also give themselves enough time to log in and ensure that they can hear streaming audio prior to the start of the meeting.
We encourage you to access the Annual Meeting before it begins. Online check-in will
start 15 minutes before the meeting on November 10, 2021. If you have difficulty accessing the meeting, please call the technical support number that will be posted on the meeting log-in page. We will
have technicians available to assist you begi