sustainability and climate change.
2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Table of Contents
The Committee on Independence Issues
The Independence Committee is charged with reviewing and approving individual transactions, or a series of related transactions, involving amounts in
excess of $120,000 between us (or any of our subsidiaries) and any of our affiliates, such as an executive officer, director or owner of 5% or more of our common stock. The Independence Committee’s efforts are intended to ensure that each
proposed related person transaction is on terms that, when taken as a whole, are fair to us. If any member of the Independence Committee would derive a direct or indirect benefit from a proposed transaction, he or she is excused from the review and
approval process with regard to that transaction. The role of the Independence Committee also encompasses monitoring of related person relationships as well as reviewing proposed transactions and other matters for potential conflicts of interest and
possible corporate opportunities in accordance with our Global Conflict of Interest Policy. In addition, the Independence Committee evaluates and makes recommendations to the Board regarding the independence of each
non-employee director under the applicable NYSE listing standards.
Director Compensation
Highlights
Significant reductions in director compensation in fiscal 2020, including:
Eliminating committee chair equity awards
Reducing the grant value of annual and initial equity awards
No per-meeting fees
Emphasis on equity to align director compensation with our stockholders’ long-term interests
Stockholder-approved limits on equity awards
No retirement benefits or perquisites
Robust stock ownership guidelines (see page 25 for details)
Overview
Our directors play a critical role in
guiding our strategic direction and overseeing the management of Oracle. Ongoing developments in corporate governance, executive compensation and financial reporting have resulted in increased demand for highly qualified and productive public
company directors. In addition, Oracle’s acquisition program and expansion into new lines of business can demand substantial time commitments from our directors.
These considerable time commitments and the many responsibilities and risks of being a director of a public company of Oracle’s size, complexity
and profile require that we provide reasonable incentives for our non-employee directors’ continued performance by paying compensation commensurate with their qualifications and significant workload. Our non-employee directors are compensated based on their respective levels of Board participation and responsibilities, including service on Board committees. Our non-employee
directors display a high level of commitment and flexibility in their service to Oracle. Several of our directors serve on more than one committee. In addition to engaging with our senior management, our
non-employee directors personally attend and participate in important customer and employee events, such as Oracle OpenWorld and Oracle President’s Council forums, and meet with our stockholders
throughout the year to better understand their perspectives. Annual cash retainers and equity awards granted to our non-employee directors are intended to correlate with the qualifications, responsibilities
and time commitments of each such director.
Our employee directors, Mr. Ellison, Ms. Catz and Mr. Henley, do not receive separate
compensation for serving as directors of Oracle.
2020 Annual Meeting of
Stockholders
Table of Contents
Fiscal 2020 Reductions in Director
Compensation
The Compensation Committee reviews non-employee director compensation
on at least an annual basis, taking into account peer company data, best practices, the external environment for compensation and stockholder feedback, and makes recommendations to the Board.
In fiscal 2016 and fiscal
2018, based on the Compensation Committee’s recommendations, the Board approved reductions to non-employee director compensation.
Continuing this pattern,
in fiscal 2020 based on the Compensation Committee’s recommendation, the Board approved further significant reductions to non-employee director compensation.
Effective May 31,
2020:
• The grant
value of each of the annual and initial equity awards for Board service was reduced from $400,000 to $350,000; and
• Committee chair equity awards were eliminated which resulted in:
• a $200,000 reduction in equity grant value to our F&A Committee Chair and
Compensation Committee Chair; and
• a $65,000 reduction in equity grant value to our Governance Committee Chair and Independence Committee Chair.
Annual Equity Grant for Directors
Non-employee directors participate in our Amended and Restated 1993 Directors’ Stock Plan (the
Directors’ Stock Plan), which sets forth stockholder-approved limits on annual equity awards for service on the Board and as a committee chair as described below.
Grant Type
Stockholder-Approved Director Plan
Equity Award
Limits
Board Annual Grant
45,000 options (or 11,250 RSUs)
F&A Committee Chair
45,000 options (or 11,250 RSUs)
F&A Committee Vice Chair
30,000 options (or 7,500 RSUs)
Compensation Committee Chair
45,000 options (or 11,250 RSUs)
Governance Committee Chair
15,000 options (or 3,750 RSUs)
Independence Committee
Chair
15,000 options (or 3,750 RSUs)
The Directors’ Stock Plan provides that in lieu of all or some of the stock option limits set forth in the plan, non-employee directors may receive grants of RSUs of an equivalent value, as determined on any reasonable basis by the Board. The Board determined that a ratio of four stock options to one RSU should be used,
consistent with its approach for equity awards granted to Oracle employees, and that all non-employee director equity awards would be delivered in the form of RSUs that are granted on May 31 of each year
and fully vest on the first anniversary of the date of grant.
For a number of years, the Board has provided that that each equity award will be
limited to the lesser of the stockholder-approved equity award limits set forth in the Directors’ Stock Plan or a specified grant value, and has granted equity awards with a value significantly below such stockholder-approved equity award
limits. As noted above, in fiscal 2020, the Board approved further changes to our non-employee director compensation program in fiscal 2020, including reductions in the size of equity awards and the
elimination of committee chair equity awards.
2020 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Table of Contents
Below is a summary of the grant value limit on annual equity awards effective May 31, 2020 and
the number of RSUs actually granted to non-employee directors on May 31, 2020. As noted above, no equity awards were granted to committee chairs.
Grant Type
Stockholder-Approved
Equity Award Limits
Dollar Value
Effective May 31, 2020
Equity Actually
Granted on
May 31, 2020 (1)
% Reduction from
Stockholder-Approved
Limits (2)
Board Annual Grant
45,000 options (or 11,250 RSUs)
350,000
6,509 RSUs
Calculated by dividing the grant value by the closing price of Oracle common stock on the date of grant ($53.77 per
share), rounding down to the nearest whole share.
Percentage reduction in the number of RSUs actually granted on May 31, 2020 compared to stockholder-approved
equity award limits.
Initial Equity Grant for New Directors
The Directors’ Stock Plan also provides for an initial equity award of not more than 45,000 stock options (or 11,250 RSUs) for new non-employee directors, prorated based upon the number of full calendar months remaining in the fiscal year of the director’s appointment. In accordance with the reductions to our
non-employee director compensation described above, any new non-employee director will receive an initial equity award equal to the lesser of 11,250 RSUs or RSUs with a
total value of $350,000 (calculated by dividing the grant value by the closing price of Oracle common stock on the date of