human capital management development efforts, including succession planning, recruiting and retention and diversity and inclusion.
Because the Company’s executive leadership is of critical importance to the Company’s success, the succession planning process is led by the Compensation Committee. This committee reviews the Company’s succession planning practices and procedures and makes recommendations to the Board concerning succession developments, while ensuring the appropriate succession plans are in place for key executive positions.
The Committee has the authority to retain consultants and advisors, as it may deem appropriate in its discretion. The Committee has, from time to time, historically utilized third party compensation survey data and/or outside consultant advisors in order to achieve its goal of attracting and retaining executive officers who contribute to the long-term success of the Company. During 2020, the Company did not engage an outside consultant advisor for compensation advisory services. The Company’s Compensation Committee Charter may be viewed on its website at www.OReillyAuto.com .
Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee
Number of Members:
Three
Members:
Dana M. Perlman (Chair), John R. Murphy and Andrea M. Weiss
Number of Meetings during 2020:
Four
Purpose and Functions:
The purpose of the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee is to
establish criteria for the selection of Directors, identify any additional skills sets or attributes necessary to fill gaps on the current Board and to recommend to the Board the nominees for Director in connection with the Company’s Annual Meeting of the shareholders;
(ii)
take a leadership role in shaping the Company’s corporate governance policies and to issue and implement the Corporate Governance Principles of the Company;
(iii)
develop and coordinate annual evaluations of the Board, its committees and its members;
(iv)
advise the Board regarding long-term Board succession;
adhere to all legal standards required by the SEC and Nasdaq; and
(vi)
review and assess the Company’s environmental, sustainability, social and governance policies, goals and programs, and make recommendations to management based on their review and assessment.
The Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee conducts an annual Board evaluation process to determine the effectiveness of the Board and as a tool to aid in continuous improvement. The Chair of the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee, in partnership with the Company’s outside counsel, provides questionnaires to the Board, which are completed and returned directly to the Company’s outside counsel who compiles the responses and reports the results on an anonymous basis to the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee Chair for evaluation and discussion with the Board’s Lead Independent Director and the Chairman of the Board. Topics in the questionnaire include:
● Board effectiveness and leadership structure;
● Board member skills and performance;
● Board composition, including diversity;
● Board succession planning;
● Board committee effectiveness; and
● Board interaction and communication with Company management.
In recent years, the Board’s self-evaluation process has contributed to improve Board diversity, changes in Board committee membership and committee Chairs, increased focus on Board succession planning and Board refreshment and an increased focus and reporting on the Company’s environmental, sustainability, social and governance policies and programs, including enhanced shareholder outreach.
The Company’s Corporate Governance Principles may be viewed along with the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee Charter on its website at www.OReillyAuto.com .
The Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee does not have a written policy on the consideration of Director Candidates recommended by shareholders. It is the view of the Board that all candidates, whether recommended by a shareholder or the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee, shall be evaluated based on the same established criteria for persons to be nominated for election to the Board and its committees. The established criteria for persons to be nominated for election to the Board and its committees, taking into account the composition of the Board as a whole, at a minimum, includes
● a candidate’s qualification as “independent” under the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq applicable to the Board and each of its committees;
● depth, breadth and diversity of experience within the Company’s industry and otherwise;
● commitments outside of the Board and the ability to devote adequate time to Board and committee matters;
● special areas of expertise;
● accounting and financial knowledge;
● willingness to apply sound and independent business judgment;
● leadership ability;
● experience in developing and assessing business strategies;
● corporate governance expertise;
● risk management skills; and
● for incumbent members of the Board, the past performance of the incumbent director.
The Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee regularly engages and considers director succession for the members of its Board, committees and committee chairs to ensure a mix of knowledge and abilities, expertise and tenure that promote and support the Company’s long-term success, while giving consideration to evolving skills, perspective and experience needed on the Board to perform its corporate governance role. In addition, when the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee seeks a new candidate for directorship, it seeks qualifications from the individual that satisfy the established criteria for a person to be nominated and a candidate that will complement the attributes and perspective of the other members of the Board. As the Company’s strategic priorities and the composition of the Board evolve, the priorities and emphasis of qualifications the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee is seeking in a candidate will change from time to time. Individuals identified by the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee as qualified to become directors are then recommended to the Board for nomination, and the Board determines the nominees for election after considering the recommendation and report of the Corporate Governance/Nomination Committee.
Finding qualified candidates interested in serving as director is of the highest level of importance to the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee. As such, the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee may use any and all appropriate methods at its disposal for identifying candidates for election. The Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee’s methods for identifying candidates for election to the Company’s Board include the solicitation of possible candidates from a number of sources, including engaging with outside search firms, from members of its Board, its executives, individuals personally known to the members of its Board and other research. Shareholders wishing to recommend a candidate for nomination as a director are requested to send the recommendation in writing to O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. Corporate Governance/Nomination Committee, attention to Tricia Headley, at 233 South Patterson Avenue, Springfield, Missouri 65802. The Board believes it is best qualified to evaluate candidates based on its knowledge of the Company’s business structure, and the Corporate Governance/Nominating Committee may retain one or more third-party search firms to identify suitable candidates.
Shareholder Nominations
A shareholder who desires to nominate one or more persons for election as director(s) shall deliver “timely notice” (as defined in Section 12, Article II of the Company’s Bylaws) of the shareholder’s intent to make such nomination or nominations, either by personal delivery or by United States mail, postage prepaid, to the Secretary of the Company at the Company’s address appearing on the first page of this proxy statem