Human Capital Risks and Opportunities
Proposal 7 – Shareholder Proposal Entitled “Independent Board Chairman”
Equity Compensation Plans
Annual Report
Future Proposals of Shareholders
Other Business
Miscellaneous
Communication with the Board of Directors
Householding of Materials
Additional Information
Annex A
Annex B
O’REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC.
233 South Patterson Avenue
Springfield, Missouri 65802
PROXY STATEMENT
The enclosed proxy is solicited by the Board of Directors (the “Board”) of O’Reilly Automotive, Inc. (the “Company” or “O’Reilly”), for use at the Annual Meeting of Shareholders (“Annual Meeting”) to be held at the DoubleTree Hotel Springfield, 2431 North Glenstone Avenue, Springfield, Missouri 65803, on Thursday, May 14, 2020, at 10:00 a.m., Central Time, and at any adjournments thereof. Whether or not you expect to attend the meeting in person, please return your executed proxy card in the enclosed postage-paid envelope or vote via telephone or Internet, using the instructions discussed below and on the proxy card, and the shares represented thereby will be voted in accordance with your instructions. References to the Company’s website and the contents thereof do not constitute incorporation by reference of the information contained on the Company’s website, and such information is not part of this proxy statement. The proxy statement and the accompanying proxy card is expected to first begin mailing to shareholders on or about March 27, 2020.
GENERAL INFORMATION ABOUT THE ANNUAL MEETING AND VOTING
What is the purpose of the Annual Meeting?
At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will act upon the matters described in the accompanying notice of meeting. In addition, management will report on the Company’s performance during fiscal 2019 and respond to questions from shareholders.
When and where will the 2020 Annual Meeting be held?
The Annual Meeting will be held at the DoubleTree Hotel Springfield, 2431 North Glenstone Avenue, Springfield, Missouri 65803, on Thursday, May 14, 2020, at 10:00 a.m. Central Time.
We intend to hold our Annual Meeting in person. However, we are actively monitoring the coronavirus (COVID-19); we are sensitive to the public health and travel concerns our shareholders may have and the protocols that federal, state and local governments may impose. In the event it is not possible or advisable to hold our Annual Meeting in person, we will announce alternative arrangements for the meeting in a press release and a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission as promptly as practicable, which may include holding the meeting solely by means of remote communication. Please also monitor our website at www.OReillyAuto.com for updated information. If you are planning to attend our meeting in person, please check the website one week prior to the meeting date for final details. We encourage you to vote your shares prior to the Annual Meeting by completing, signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card in the envelope provided at your earliest convenience or voting via telephone or Internet using the instructions on the proxy card.
Who may vote?
Any shareholder of record, as of the record date, is entitled to receive this notice and vote their shares at the Annual Meeting.
What is a “shareholder of record”?
A shareholder of record is a shareholder whose ownership of the Company’s common stock is reflected directly on the books and records of the transfer agent, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (“Computershare”).
What is the record date for the Annual Meeting?
The record date is March 16, 2020. Shareholders of record at the close of business on March 16, 2020, will be entitled to vote at the Annual Meeting. Each share of common stock will have one vote on each matter to be voted upon.
Which O’Reilly shares are included in the proxy card I received?
The proxy card you received covers the number of common shares to be voted in your account as of the record date.
What is the difference between holding shares as a registered shareholder and as a beneficial owner?
A registered shareholder owns shares that are registered directly in their name with the Company’s transfer agent, Computershare. A beneficial owner owns shares held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank.
Why would I receive more than one proxy card?
You may receive more than one proxy card if you owned shares in more than one account. You should vote the shares on each of your proxy cards.
What matters will be voted on at the Annual Meeting?
At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will be asked to vote on three proposals that were solicited by the Board (Proposals 1 through 5), as well as two shareholder proposals (