sustainability metric to comprise a greater proportion of the annual bonus;
established a link between potential bonus payouts and the advancement of our net emission reduction efforts; and
reduced CEO direct target compensation for 2021 by 29% compared to the pre-COVID level.
The Compensation Committee remains fully committed to Occidental’s pay-for-performance philosophy. As described later, the compensation that NEOs have actually realized or are on track to realize aligns with Occidental’s performance and the experience of our shareholders over the past several years.
Advancing a Low-Carbon Future
Occidental recognizes that climate change must be addressed by the oil and gas industry and is committed to using the company’s experience with carbon management and large-scale carbon separation, transportation, use and storage as part of enhanced oil recovery to advance a more sustainable, low-carbon future. In November 2020, Occidental set a target to reach net-zero emissions associated with our operations before 2040 and an ambition to achieve net-zero emissions associated with the use of our products by 2050. We believe Occidental can provide a solution for partners in other industries as well and have formed partnerships with United Airlines and Spotify. We encourage you to review our 2020 Climate Report, available online at https://www.oxy.com/Sustainability/overview/Documents/ ClimateReport2020.pdf.
Diversity, Inclusion and Belonging
Occidental aspires to create a culture of diversity, inclusion and belonging where differences are appreciated, all employees are included and everyone feels that they belong. The events of this past year highlighting racial injustice in our society made clear that the struggle for racial equality continues and there is much work to be done. The Board of Directors is committed to working with and supporting Occidental’s management team as we strive to ensure that individuals can truly feel that they belong, both at Occidental and in the communities we serve.
Board Nominees
This year’s Board nominees represent a wide, diverse range of experiences, perspectives and skills and reflect the Board’s active commitment to director refreshment. We believe the well-roundedness of the nominees meaningfully contributes to the effective oversight of Occidental’s strategic plan and risk management, and the nominees have the skills and experiences to help navigate Occidental through the current difficult macro environment and into the future. Of our 11 Board nominees, 10 are independent, which includes our Board Chairman, Board Vice Chairman and all members of the Board’s committees. We thank you for your past support of our Board and ask that you vote to elect all of this year’s nominees.
Share Your Views
As always, we value your views and encourage you to share your opinions with us. Occidental proactively engaged with shareholders collectively representing a majority of shares outstanding in 2020, with independent director participation in many of these discussions. If you would like to write to the Board, you may address your correspondence to the Board of Directors, in care of the Corporate Secretary, Occidental Petroleum Corporation, 5 Greenway Plaza, Suite 110, Houston, Texas 77046.
Thank you for your continued support of Occidental.
Sincerely,
On Behalf of Your Board,
Stephen I. Chazen
Independent Chairman
of the Board
Jack B. Moore
Vice Chairman
of the Board
Vicki Hollub
President and
Chief Executive Officer
Table of Contents
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING
OF SHAREHOLDERS
You are cordially invited to attend Occidental’s 2021 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, to be held at 8:00 a.m. Central Time on Friday, May 7, 2021, via live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OXY2021 .
Date and Time
Friday, May 7, 2021
at 8:00 a.m.
Central Time
Location
Live webcast:
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OXY2021
Record Date
Each shareholder of record as of the close of business on March 12, 2021 (the record date) is entitled to receive notice of, attend and vote at the meeting.
Items of Business
At the meeting, our shareholders will be asked to act on the following matters and consider any other matters as may properly come before the meeting:
Proposal
Board Recommendation
More information
1. Elect the eleven directors named in the proxy statement to serve until the 2022 Annual Meeting
Page 16
2. Approve, on an advisory basis, named executive officer compensation
Page 33
3. Ratify the selection of KPMG as Occidental’s independent auditor
Page 71
Occidental began furnishing proxy materials to shareholders on March 26, 2021.
Notice and Attendance
A Notice of Internet Availability (NOIA) or proxy card is being mailed beginning on March 26, 2021 to each shareholder of record as of the record date. In light of current information and guidance about the COVID-19 pandemic, to protect the health and well-being of our shareholders and employees, we have decided to hold the 2021 Annual Meeting solely by virtual means. Shareholders of record as of the record date will be able to attend the 2021 Annual Meeting via live webcast, view the list of our shareholders of record, vote and submit questions during the meeting by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OXY2021. To participate in the Annual Meeting, shareholders of record must enter the 16-digit control number that appears on your proxy card. If your shares are held in street name and your voting instruction form indicates that you may vote those shares through the http://www.proxyvote.com website, then you may join the 2021 Annual Meeting with the 16-digit access code indicated on that voting instruction form. Otherwise, shareholders who hold their shares in street name should contact their bank, broker or other nominee (preferably at least five days before the 2021 Annual Meeting) and obtain a "legal proxy" in order to be able to join the 2021 Annual Meeting. We intend to return to hosting in-person annual meetings in 2022. Please see “Admission to the Annual Meeting” on page 76 for additional information.
How to Vote
Your vote is extremely important. Regardless of whether or not you plan to attend the 2021 Annual Meeting, we encourage you to vote using any of the methods listed below. This will ensure that your shares are represented and will save Occidental additional expenses of soliciting proxies.
Internet
Call
Mail
Virtual Meeting
Online using your smartphone or computer at the website listed on the NOIA, proxy card or voting instruction form
By telephone call to the toll-free number listed on your proxy card or voting instruction form
Completing, signing and returning your proxy card or voting instruction form in the postage-paid envelope provided
If you plan to participate in the 2021 Annual Meeting via the live webcast, you may vote online during the meeting using your smartphone or computer
If you have any questions or require any assistance in voting your shares, please contact Alliance Advisors, Occidental’s proxy solicitor, toll-free at 844-885-0175 or at 210-209-8052 or by email at oxy@allianceadvisors.com.
By Order of the Board,
Nicole E. Clark
Vice President, Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
March 26, 2021
2021 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Message from the Board of Directors
Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Proxy Statement Summary