environmental, social and governance issues; the executive compensation program; and
matters related to board composition. Several of our independent directors participated in many of these engagements. These meetings
were helpful in shaping our 2018 report, “Climate-Related Risks and Opportunities: Positioning for a Lower-Carbon Economy,”
which is available for download at www.oxy.com/SocialResponsibility. More information regarding the report and other outcomes
of our recent engagement efforts are detailed in this proxy statement.
meeting agenda and details follow, as well as voting instructions. We encourage you to vote your shares promptly, and thank you
for your continued support of Occidental.
Sincerely,
Vicki Hollub
President and Chief Executive Officer
Eugene L. Batchelder
Chairman of the Board
2018
ANNUAL MEETING
Notice of Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Occidental’s
2018 Annual Meeting of Stockholders will be held at 9:00 a.m. on Friday, May 4, 2018, at the Occidental Petroleum Conference Center,
5 Greenway Plaza, Houston, Texas 77046.
the meeting, stockholders will act on the following matters and consider all other matters properly brought before the meeting:
elect the 11 directors named in the proxy statement to serve until the 2019 Annual Meeting;
act on an advisory vote to approve named executive officer compensation;
approve the Second Amendment to the 2015 Long-Term Incentive Plan (2015 LTIP);
ratify the selection of KPMG LLP (KPMG) as Occidental’s independent auditor for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2018;
transact such other business as may properly come before the meeting.
Notice of Internet Availability or proxy card is being mailed beginning on or about March 22, 2018 to each stockholder of record
as of the close of business on March 9, 2018, which is the record date for the determination of stockholders entitled to receive
notice of, attend and vote at the meeting. Admittance to the meeting will require an admission ticket. Please see ”Admission
to the Annual Meeting” on page 64 for details.
Whether
you plan to attend the meeting or not, we encourage you to vote by following the internet or telephone instructions provided in
the Notice of Internet Availability. If you received a paper copy of the proxy materials or a voting instruction form, you may
also vote by marking, signing and returning the proxy card or voting instruction form in the envelope provided. This will ensure
that your shares are represented and will save Occidental additional expenses of soliciting proxies.
Order of the Board,
Elliott Heide
Vice
President and Corporate Secretary
Occidental
Petroleum Corporation
5 Greenway Plaza, Suite 110
Houston, Texas 77046
March 22, 2018
TABLE OF CONTENTS
PROXY
STATEMENT SUMMARY