sustainability principles and practices, ensuring regulatory compliance and developing
programs to broaden investor communications. Having been a senior executive in the financial services, food and beverage and pharmaceutical
industries, Ms. Foran has a broad range of experience in shareholder services, mergers and acquisitions, SEC reporting, capital
markets, derivatives, risk management, internal audit procedures and insurance matters as well as environmental, safety and social
responsibility programs. Ms. Foran’s corporate experience, in addition to her work with various investor groups and corporate
trade associations, provides the Board exceptional acumen and insight on governance, investor and legal policies and practices.
2016 Notice of Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement 8
Back to Contents
CARLOS M. GUTIERREZ
Director since 2009 | Age 62 | Independent
Committees:
Executive Compensation Committee (Chair)
Corporate Governance, Nominating and Social Responsibility Committee
Finance and Risk Management Committee
Management Succession and Talent Development Committee
Secretary Gutierrez, 62, is Co-Chair of
Albright Stonebridge Group, a commercial diplomacy and strategic advisory firm. Prior to that he was Vice Chairman of the
Institutional Clients Group and a member of the Senior Strategic Advisory Group at Citigroup Inc. from 2011 to February 2013.
He joined Citigroup from communications and public affairs consulting firm APCO Worldwide Inc., where he was Chairman of the
Global Political Strategies division in 2010. He served as U.S. Secretary of Commerce in the administration of President
George W. Bush from February 2005 to January 2009. Prior to his government service, Secretary Gutierrez was with Kellogg
Company for 30 years. He became Kellogg’s Chief Executive Officer in 1999 and served as Chairman of the Board from 2000
to 2005. Secretary Gutierrez serves on the Boards of Directors of MetLife, Inc., where he serves on the Finance and
Investment and Governance Committees, Time Warner Inc., where he serves on the Audit Committee, and Viridis, Inc., a
privately held company. He previously served as a Director of Corning Incorporated, United Technologies Corporation,
Colgate-Palmolive Lighting Science Group Corp., where he served on the Audit Committee, and iGPS, a privately held company.
In addition to serving as Chairman of the U.S.-Cuba Business Council of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, Secretary Gutierrez is
a National Trustee to the University of Miami Board of Trustees, a member of the Human Freedom Advisory Council at the George
W. Bush Institute and is Chairman of the Board of Trustees of the Meridian International Center. He is also a co-founder of
The Dream. US, a scholarship fund for undocumented students, and is a member of the Board of the U.S.-Mexico Foundation.
Qualifications:
Secretary Gutierrez’s highly successful service as Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of Kellogg Company provides
him deep insight into the complex challenges faced by a growing organization in a highly competitive business environment. Additionally,
his experience as U.S. Secretary of Commerce provides the Board exceptional knowledge and insight into the complex environment
of international commerce. Secretary Gutierrez brings valuable business management and operational experience and an international
commerce and global economic perspective to the Board.
VICKI A. HOLLUB
Director since 2015
| Age 56
Ms. Hollub, 56, was promoted to
President and Chief Operating Officer of Occidental and appointed to the Board on December 10, 2015. Ms. Hollub will succeed
Mr. Chazen as Chief Executive Officer, effective at the 2016 Annual Meeting. Ms. Hollub has been an employee of Occidental
since 1982, and most recently served as Senior Executive Vice President of Occidental and President – Oxy Oil and Gas.
Prior to that, Ms. Hollub served as Executive Vice President and President – Oxy Oil and Gas, Americas; and Vice
President of Occidental and Executive Vice President, U.S. Operations, Oxy Oil and Gas. She previously served as Executive
Vice President, California Operations; and President and General Manager, Permian Basin operations. Ms. Hollub holds a
Bachelor of Science degree in Mineral Engineering from the University of Alabama.
Qualifications:
Ms. Hollub, as President and Chief Operating Officer, is responsible for managing Occidental’s worldwide oil and gas
operations, as well as the company’s chemicals and midstream operations. Ms. Hollub brings to the Board over 35 years of
experience in the oil and gas industry, having previously held a variety of management and technical responsibilities on three
continents, including roles in Russia, Venezuela, Ecuador and the U.S. During that time, Ms. Hollub has been instrumental in efficiently
and profitably growing Occidental’s oil and gas business. Her extensive operational and leadership experience brings valuable
perspective to the Board.
Occidental Petroleum Corporation 9
Back to Contents
WILLIAM R. KLESSE
Director since 2013 | Age 69 | Independent
Committees:
Executive Compensation Committee
Finance and Risk Management Committee
Management Succession and Talent Development Committee
Mr. Klesse, 69, is the former Chief
Executive Officer and former Chairman of the Board of Valero Energy Corporation (Valero), an international manufacturer and
marketer of transportation fuels, other petrochemical products and power. He joined the Valero board as Vice Chairman in 2005
and served as Chairman of the Board from 2007 to December 30, 2014. From 2006 to May 2014, he served as Chief Executive
Officer of Valero and served as President from 2008 to 2013. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. Klesse was Valero’s Executive Vice
President and Chief Operating Officer. Prior to that, he served as Executive Vice President of Refining and Commercial
Operations following Valero’s 2001 acquisition of Ultramar Diamond Shamrock Corporation, where he had been Executive
Vice President of the company’s refining operations. Mr. Klesse began his 40-plus year career in the energy industry at
Diamond Shamrock Corporation, which merged with Ultramar Corporation in 1996. He is a trustee of the Texas Biomedical
Research Institute and United Way of San Antonio and Bexar County and serves on the Advisory Board of the San Antonio Food
Bank. Mr. Klesse holds a bachelor’s degree in Chemical Engineering from the University of Dayton and a Master of
Business Administration with an emphasis in Finance from West Texas A&M University.
Qualifications:
Mr. Klesse brings more than four decades of energy industry executive management experience to Occidental’s Board.
As Valero’s former Chairman, he led the Board’s strategic planning and, as Valero’s former CEO, he oversaw the
daily operations of a major global energy company. Mr. Klesse’s experience provides an informed management perspective and
insights with respect to global business and energy issues to the Board. He also has leadership experience on industry association
and nonprofit boards.
AVEDICK B. POLADIAN
Director since 2008 | Age 64 | Independent
Committees:
Audit Committee (Chair)
Executive Compensation Committee
Finance and Risk Management Committee
Mr. Poladian, 64, is Executive Vice President
and Chief Operating Officer of Lowe Enterprises, Inc., a diversified national real estate company active in commercial, residential
and hospitality property investment, management and development. In this role, Mr. Poladian oversees human resources, risk management,
construction, finance and legal functions across the firm. Mr. Poladian previously served as Executive Vice President, Chief Financial
Officer and Chief Administrative Officer for Lowe from 2003 to 2006. Mr. Poladian was with Arthur Andersen from 1974 to 2002 and
is a certified public accountant (inactive). He is a past member of the Young Presidents Organization, the Chief Executive Organization,
the California Society of CPAs and the American Institute of CP