Sustainability Principles
U.S.
oil & gas operations
achieved
Zero Routine
Flaring
in advance of the World Bank’s 2030 initiative
Commenced construction
of Occidental’s
first Direct Air Capture
plant
Secured
over 400 square miles
of land and pore space
for Gulf Coast sequestration hubs
For a reconciliation to the most comparable GAAP financial measure of operating cash flow from continuing operations, see Annex A.
Million barrels of oil equivalent.
Table of Contents
Strategy
to Achieve Net Zero
Occidental is actively
implementing multiple pathways to net zero to advance the goals of the Paris Agreement. Our strategy employs four key elements
to achieve net-zero emissions in our operations and energy use before 2035 and no later than 2040, and in our total carbon inventory
including the use of our products before 2050.
REVOLUTIONIZE
Revolutionize carbon management
by applying our 50+ years of leadership in CO 2 separation, transportation, use, recycling and storage to invest
in and deploy leading-edge technologies and promote collaboration with industry, government and non-governmental organizations,
using an integrated approach that benefits Oxy’s stakeholders and the world
REDUCE
Reduce emissions across our operations through employee-driven innovation and excellence and state-of-the-art, cost-effective technologies
REUSE/RECYCLE
Reuse and recycle CO 2 with
technologies and partnerships that use captured CO 2 to enhance existing products and produce new low-carbon or zero-emissions
products
REMOVE
Remove existing CO 2 from the
atmosphere in significant amounts for beneficial use and safe, secure sequestration by developing, proving and deploying innovative
capture technologies and market mechanisms at commercial scale to further the goals of the Paris Agreement
Table of Contents
Message
from the Board of Directors
Dear
Shareholders,
We cordially invite
you to attend Occidental’s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (2023 Annual Meeting). The meeting will be held via live
webcast on Friday, May 5, 2023 at 9:00 a.m. Central Time. A meeting agenda and details follow, as well as voting instructions.
You will be able to participate in the 2023 Annual Meeting online at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OXY2023 and may submit
questions and vote your shares electronically (other than shares held through our employee benefit plans, which must be voted
prior to the meeting). The attached Notice of the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders and proxy statement provide details on how
to join the meeting and the business we plan to conduct.
NAVIGATING CHANGE
Before we review the successes Occidental achieved and the challenges
the company overcame last year, we would like to take a moment to remember Steve Chazen, our former Independent Chairman, who sadly
passed away in September 2022. Among his many professional accomplishments, Steve served as the President and CEO of Occidental
from May 2011 to April 2016 and was a member of the Board from May 2010 to May 2017. He returned to our Board in March 2020 as
the company faced a difficult macroeconomic environment at the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. He possessed a brilliant mind and
financial astuteness that guided our discussions, and a dry sense of humor that is missed in the boardroom.
The Board is also appreciative of Jack Moore, who
was elected to succeed Steve as Independent Chairman. Jack previously served as Independent Vice Chairman of the Board from
September 2019 to September 2022 and as a member of our Board since 2016, preceded by a long and successful career in the energy
industry. Under his leadership, we have continued our strong performance.
In January 2023, the Board elected Claire
O’Neill as a director. Through her prior experience as a Member of the UK Parliament, Minister for Energy and
Clean Growth in the UK government, and other roles focused on sustainability and energy transition matters, we believe Claire will
bring valuable expertise to our Board as Occidental continues to advance the sustainability of our businesses with complementary
low-carbon initiatives along the company’s pathway to net zero. The Board also elected Ken Robinson as a director in February
2023. Ken brings over 40 years of experience in global finance and accounting, enterprise risk, ethics and compliance across several industries. Going
forward, the Board will remain committed to ongoing and thoughtful refreshment to maintain an appropriate balance of tenure,
backgrounds and skills on the Board.
CAPITALIZING ON OPERATIONAL SUCCESSES AND DRIVING
FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
Occidental’s workforce performed at an exceptional level in 2022.
Our employees successfully adapted to the lingering impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic,
supply chain issues, inflationary pressures and the implementation of multiple permitting and other regulatory initiatives as the company returned to increased activity levels.
Occidental’s Permian, Rockies, Gulf of Mexico and International oil and gas teams set new operational and productivity records
last year, and OxyChem delivered record pre-tax earnings. These operational successes in part drove strong financial results for the
year, which positioned us to repay more than $10.5 billion of debt in 2022 and to complete our previous $3 billion share repurchase
program. With a stronger balance sheet, Occidental plans to focus on a sustainable and growing dividend for shareholders supported
by an active repurchase program and continued rebalancing of the company’s enterprise value in favor of common
shareholders.
LEVERAGING CARBON MANAGEMENT AND MAJOR PROJECTS
EXPERTISE
Occidental continues to actively pursue its net-zero pathway for the company’s
total carbon inventory of Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions. Since we announced the net-zero plan in 2020, the company has taken important steps toward achieving the
ambitious interim targets and goals it has set. For example, Occidental’s U.S. operations achieved zero routine flaring in
2022, eight years ahead of the World Bank’s 2030 target. In September 2022, Occidental began construction of its first large-scale
direct air capture (DAC) plant in Ector County, Texas. We are excited to oversee the company’s net-zero strategy and low-carbon
initiatives, which leverage Occidental’s 50+ years of carbon management experience with expertise in major energy infrastructure
projects, and to be a part of the innovation occurring every day at the company. We are also encouraged by the passage of the Inflation
Reduction Act in the U.S., which contains several enhancements to the 45Q tax credit that will incentivize the development of carbon
capture projects.
LISTENING TO SHAREHOLDER FEEDBACK
Occidental proactively engaged with shareholders collectively representing
a majority of shares outstanding, with independent director participation in many of these discussions. Feedback from these engagements
has informed our viewpoints and decisions. We will remain committed to regular and transparent engagement with shareholders and
other stakeholders. We value your views and would like to hear from you. If you would like to write to the Board, you may address
your correspondence to the Board of Directors, in care of the Corporate Secretary, Occidental Petroleum Corporation, 5 Greenway
Plaza, Suite 110, Houston, Texas 77046.
Thank you for your continued support of Occidental. We are grateful
to serve on your behalf.
Sincerely,
On Behalf of Your Board,
JACK B. MOORE
Chairman of the Board
VICKI HOLLUB
President and Chief Executive Officer
2023
PROXY STATEMENT
Table of Contents
Notice of Annual Meeting of Shareholders
You are cordially invited to attend Occidental’s
2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (2023 Annual Meeting), to be held at 9:00 a.m. Central Time on Friday, May 5, 2023, via live
webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OXY2023.
DATE AND TIME
LOCATION
RECORD DATE
Friday, May 5, 2023 at
9:00 a.m. Central Time
Live webcast: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/OXY2023
Each shareh