Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) commitments. Some examples:
R&D Productivity: We have driven incredible improvements in our clinical success rates (2) . For example, our Phase 2 success rate on a five-year rolling average more than tripled from 15% five years ago to 52% as of year-end 2020 – which is almost double the 2019 industry benchmark of 29%.
Financial Performance: We generated 8% operational revenue growth (3) for the year from our biopharmaceutical product portfolio – excluding the results of the divested Upjohn business, the revenue impact from Consumer Healthcare and $154 million of sales of the Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine.
ESG Commitments: Pfizer moved up from 11th to 4th place in the most recent Access to Medicine Index (ATMI). This ranking underscores our continued commitment to access and equity in healthcare.
Positioned for Future Growth
Looking ahead, we remain focused on being nimble and investing in our R&D organization, so we can build on the strong improvement in key metrics we’ve seen over the past five years. At the same time, we will continue to pursue business development opportunities with the potential to enhance our long-term (post-2025) growth prospects.
Through it all, our Purpose Blueprint will remain our roadmap for success, our commitment to patients will be our North Star, and the power of science will be the engine that drives us forward. In 2020, these factors helped us make the seemingly impossible possible. In the years ahead, we believe they will help ensure Science Will Win the battle against not only COVID-19, but many other diseases as well.
Thank you for your continued support of the work we do every day. I encourage you to review this Proxy Statement and vote your shares.
Sincerely,
Dr. Albert Bourla
Chairman & Chief Executive Officer
We are no longer issuing a separate financial report and encourage you to read our 2020 Annual Report on Form 10-K, which includes our audited consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2020, and the sections captioned "Risk Factors" and "Forward Looking Information and Factors that May Affect Future Results" for a description of the substantial risks and uncertainties related to the forward-looking statements included herein. Patient counts included herein are estimates derived from multiple data sources.
(1) The Pfizer-BioNTech COVID-19 vaccine has not been approved or licensed by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), but has been authorized for emergency use by the FDA under an Emergency Use Authorization (EUA) to prevent Coronavirus Disease 2019 (COVID-19) for use in individuals 16 years of age and older. The emergency use of this product is only authorized for the duration of the declaration that circumstances exist justifying the authorization of emergency use of the medical product under Section 564(b)(1) of the FD&C Act unless the declaration is terminated or authorization revoked sooner. Please see EUA Fact Sheet at www.cvdvaccine.com.
(2) Success rates are based on a 5-year rolling average for Phase 2 and Phase 3 studies, and a 3-year rolling average for Phase 1 studies, with the cut-off for the Pfizer analysis ending on fiscal year-end 2020 and the cut-off for the industry’s analysis ending on fiscal year-end 2019, which is the most recent information available. The analysis includes only studies involving new molecular entities. The "industry" in this analysis was based on the Pharmaceutical Benchmarking Forum’s participant companies: AbbVie Inc.; Allergan PLC (which was acquired by AbbVie Inc. in May 2020); Bayer AG; Bristol-Myers Squibb Company; Eli Lilly & Company; Gilead Sciences, Inc.; Johnson & Johnson; Merck & Co, Inc.; Novartis AG; Pfizer; Roche and Sanofi.
(3) Operational revenue growth also excludes the unfavorable impact of foreign exchange. For additional information on the company's operational revenue performance, see " Financial Highlights and Strategi c Accom plishments " in the