sustainability and in their disclosures on these topics.
Board Oversight of Sustainability
At Pfizer, corporate responsibility and sustainability remain
integral to our business strategy and we remain committed to being a responsible corporate citizen. The company’s focus has
always been on delivering strong financial results in a way that respects and benefits all of our stakeholder groups, including
shareholders, patients, colleagues, communities and the environments in which we operate. Please see Pfizer’s 2019 Annual
Review 1 at www.pfizer.com/annual for details concerning our sustainability initiatives and programs.
Further, the Board has oversight for environmental, social and
governance performance through the Governance & Sustainability Committee. The Committee is regularly updated on corporate social
responsibility, sustainability and philanthropic efforts by management. The Committee recently changed its name to the Governance
& Sustainability Committee to provide greater alignment with the full duties and responsibilities outlined in the Committee’s
Charter and reflect the broad scope of its oversight responsibilities.
1 The 2019 Annual Review is not a part of our proxy
solicitation materials.
Table of Contents
A MESSAGE FROM PFIZER’S LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR
Board Leadership Structure
Turning to the Board’s leadership, one of our most important
responsibilities is to evaluate and determine the Board’s optimal leadership structure and to ensure independent oversight
of management, as well as a highly engaged and high-functioning Board. During the Board’s evaluation of its leadership structure,
the independent Directors carefully consider whether to combine or separate the Chairman and CEO roles. Based on its experience,
considerable engagement with shareholders, and an assessment of research on this issue, the Board understands that numerous viewpoints
concerning a board’s optimal leadership structure exist and will continue to take these factors into consideration when evaluating
its leadership structure.
In September 2019, the Board unanimously elected Dr. Bourla as
Chairman of the Board, effective January 1, 2020 upon the retirement of Mr. Ian C. Read as Executive Chairman and from Pfizer’s
Board of Directors on December 31, 2019.
Dr. Bourla’s election was the result of a multi-year systematic
and comprehensive succession planning process, led by the independent Directors. The Board recognizes that in circumstances where
the positions of Chairman and CEO are combined or the Chairman is not independent, it is imperative that the Board elect a strong
Lead Independent Director with a clearly defined role and set of responsibilities. In my role as Lead Independent Director, I will
continue to ensure the independent Directors have robust leadership in the boardroom.
Board Succession Planning & Refreshment
Throughout the year, the Board continued its proactive assessment
of board succession planning and refreshment. The Governance & Sustainability Committee and full Board strive to ensure that
we maintain a Board that embodies a broad and diverse set of experiences, qualifications, attributes and skills to effectively
oversee management and the company. When seeking new Director candidates, the current Directors consider a diverse pool of qualified
candidates who could potentially serve as Board members. We view diversity in terms of skills, as well as gender, age, race, ethnicity,
background, professional experience and perspectives.
Recently, the Board was pleased to announce the elections to
the Board of Mr. James Quincey, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of The Coca-Cola Company and Dr. Susan Hockfield, Professor
of Neuroscience and President Emerita, Massachusetts Institute of Technology and, in June 2019, the election to the Board of Dr.
Scott Gottlieb, a former FDA Commissioner, physician and medical policy expert. These Directors are excellent additions to the
Board. Their skills and perspectives further enhance our diversity and expertise in the boardroom. Their appointments were informed
by the Board’s continued focus on its composition, as well as insights provided through the Board’s annual self-evaluation
process.
As a result of the Board’s proactive refreshment efforts,
since 2015, the Board has added six new Directors to the Board. Our average Director tenure is six years representing an appropriate
balance of tenures.
Strong Commitment to Shareholder Engagement
In closing, on behalf of my fellow Directors, we would like to
thank our shareholders and all of our stakeholders for the time they commit to engaging with us and sharing their feedback. The
Board engaged in reviews of shareholder and stakeholder communications at each of our meetings and we were informed of shareholder
feedback received during Pfizer’s year-round investor outreach. Members of senior management engaged with investors representing
more than 30% of shares outstanding in 2019. The Chair of the Governance & Sustainability Committee, Mr. Joseph Echevarria,
participated in discussions with several investors at their request. As detailed in this Proxy Statement, under “ Shareholder Outreach ”, we covered a range of topics and the Board continues to use your input to inform our practices and policies
to ensure they remain industry-leading.
We are excited to oversee the company and management under its
clearly defined roadmap and to be entering into an expected era of sustained growth following the anticipated close of the transaction
between Upjohn and Mylan later this year. We look forward to serving your interests in 2020 and beyond. Thank you for your support.
Sincerely,
Shantanu Narayen
Lead Independent Director
Please refer to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year
ended December 31, 2019, including the sections captioned “Risk Factors” and “Forward Looking Information and
Factors that May Affect Future Results,” for a description of the substantial risks and uncertainties related to the forward-looking
statements included herein.
Table of Contents
Notice of 2020 Annual Meeting and Proxy Statement
Time and Date
9:00 a.m., Eastern Daylight Time (EDT),
on Thursday, April 23, 2020
Place
Hilton Short Hills Hotel, 41 John F. Kennedy Parkway,
Short Hills, New Jersey 07078, +1-973-379-0100
Record Date
You can vote your shares if you were a shareholder of record
at the close of business on February 25, 2020.
Audio Webcast
Available at www.pfizer.com, starting at 9:00 a.m., EDT, on Thursday,
April 23, 2020. A replay will be available through May 29, 2020.
ITEMS OF BUSINESS
To elect 13 members of the Board of Directors, each until our next Annual Meeting and until his or her successor has been
duly elected and qualified.
To ratify the selection of KPMG LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for
the 2020 fiscal year.
To conduct an advisory vote to approve our executive compensation.
To consider 5 shareholder proposals, if properly presented at the Meeting.
To transact any other business that properly comes before the Meeting and any adjournment or
postponement of the Meeting.
VOTING YOUR SHARES IS QUICK AND EASY —
YOU CAN EVEN VOTE USING YOUR SMARTPHONE OR TABLET
HOW TO VOTE
For registered holders and Pfizer Savings Plan participants:
(Shares are registered in your name with Pfizer’s transfer agent, Computershare, or held
in the Pfizer Savings Plan)
For beneficial owners:
(Shares are held in a stock brokerage account or by a bank or other holder of record)
Internet*
www.investorvote.com/PFE
www.proxyvote.com
Telephone*
Within the U.S., U.S. territories & Canada +1-800-652-VOTE (8683) — toll-free
Outside of the U.S., U.S. territories & Canada +1-781-575-2300 — standard rates apply
+1-800-454-VOTE (8683) — toll-free
Mail
Complete, sign and return the proxy card
Complete, sign and return the voting instruction form
* You may need to provide your control
number that appears on the right-hand side of the proxy card or voting instruction f