Corporate Responsibility and Public
Policy: Under our charter, the Committee maintains an informed status on company issues related to public policy, social
responsibility and philanthropy and monitors emerging issues potentially affecting the reputation of the pharmaceutical industry
and Pfizer specifically. The Committee received an update on Pfizer’s corporate responsibility initiatives at year-end and
were also informed of Pfizer’s public policy and corporate political spending practices through periodic discussions and
reviews of the company’s semi-annual PAC and Corporate Political Contributions Report.
Legislative and Regulatory Developments:
The Committee continued to monitor and evaluate corporate governance and executive compensation developments and best
practices, including SEC rules and NYSE listing standards.
Shareholder Engagement/Activism:
The Committee engaged in ongoing reviews of shareholder and stakeholder communications at each of its meetings and periodic
reviews of shareholder feedback received during Pfizer’s year-round investor outreach and proxy season. The Committee was
also kept informed of shareholder activism in the marketplace.
Leadership Planning: During
2015, the Committee reviewed emergency succession scenarios for Pfizer’s management.
The Corporate Governance Committee
Stephen W. Sanger, Chair
Frances D. Fergusson
Helen H. Hobbs
Shantanu Narayen
Pfizer
2016 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
GOVERNANCE
BOARD INFORMATION
Regulatory and Compliance Committee Report
The Committee assists the Board of Directors with the oversight
of significant healthcare-related regulatory and compliance issues. Under the terms of its charter, the Committee receives reports
regarding Pfizer’s compliance program, over which management has primary responsibility.
In 2015, we received reports and discussed with management, including
the Chief Compliance and Risk Officer, significant healthcare-related regulatory and compliance risks and related compliance program
initiatives and functions.
Among the matters considered were:
potential healthcare-related regulatory or compliance risks in connection with the development, manufacture and marketing of Pfizer products, and efforts to mitigate those risks;
government investigations and other legal proceedings involving Pfizer;
internal investigations of potential healthcare-related compliance or regulatory matters;
results of internal audits conducted in areas within the Committee’s oversight;
Pfizer’s responses to FDA Warning Letters and/or other regulatory communications;
the integration of acquired companies into Pfizer’s compliance program;
Pfizer’s anti-retaliation policies and procedures, and the retaliation claims received by Pfizer;
Pfizer’s compensation practices for sales and marketing personnel; and
external reviews of Pfizer policies and practices for compliance with federal healthcare laws and regulations.
In our activities, we considered potential risks and steps Pfizer
has taken to mitigate risk in areas within our oversight.
The Regulatory and Compliance Committee
Frances D. Fergusson, Chair
W. Don Cornwell
Joseph J. Echevarria
Helen H. Hobbs
James C. Smith
Pfizer
2016 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
GOVERNANCE
BOARD INFORMATION
The Board’s Role in Risk Oversight
Management is responsible for assessing and managing risk, including
through the Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program, subject to oversight by the Board. The ERM program provides a framework for
risk identification and management. The Board believes that its leadership structure and the ERM program support the risk oversight
function of the Board. The Board executes its oversight responsibility for risk assessment and risk management directly and through
its committees, as follows:
THE BOARD
The Board considers specific risk topics, including risks associated
with our strategic plan, our capital structure and our R&D activities. In addition, the Board receives regular reports from
members of our Executive Leadership Team (ELT)—the heads of our principal business and corporate functions—that include
discussions of the risks involved in their respective areas of responsibility. The Board is routinely informed of developments
that could affect our risk profile or other aspects of our business.
The Board is kept informed of its committees’ risk oversight
and other activities through reports of the committee Chairs to the full Board. These reports are presented at every regular Board
meeting.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
The Audit Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing
Pfizer’s ERM program. Pfizer’s Chief Internal Auditor, who reports to the Committee, facilitates the ERM program, in
coordination with the Legal Division and Compliance Division, and helps ensure that ERM is integrated into our strategic and operating
planning process. The Committee’s meeting agendas throughout the year include discussions of individual risk areas, as well
as an annual summary of the ERM process.
The Audit Committee also reviews and receives regular briefings
concerning Pfizer’s information security and technology risks (including cybersecurity), including discussion of the company’s
information security and risk management programs. Pfizer’s Chief Information Officer leads our cybersecurity risk management
program, which is fully integrated into the overall ERM program and overseen by the Committee.
REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE
COMMITTEE
The Regulatory and Compliance Committee is responsible for reviewing
and overseeing Pfizer’s compliance program, including but not limited to evaluating its effectiveness, and receives information
about current and emerging risks and regulatory and enforcement trends that may affect our business operations, performance, or
strategy. The Committee has primary responsibility for overseeing and reviewing risks associated with Pfizer’s healthcare
law compliance programs and the status of compliance with applicable laws, regulations and internal procedures. From time to time,
the Regulatory and Compliance Committee and the Audit Committee hold joint sessions to discuss risks relevant to both committees’
areas of risk oversight.
OTHER BOARD COMMITTEES:
Compensation
Corporate Governance
Science and
Technology
The Board’s other committees oversee risks associated with
their respective areas of responsibility. For example, the Compensation Committee considers the risks associated with our compensation
policies and practices for both executive compensation and compensation generally.
Pfizer 2016 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
GOVERNANCE
SHAREHOLDER OUTREACH
Shareholder
Outreach
CONNECT
We engage with our investors which is fundamental to our commitment to
good governance and essential to maintaining our industry-leading practices.
COLLABORATE
We aim for a collaborative approach with our shareholders and value the
variety of investor perspectives we receive.
COMMUNICATE
We share investor feedback directly with our Corporate Governance Committee
and full Board. Investors can communicate their concerns to the Independent Directors or Audit Committee Chair by e-mail or
letter.
Connect
Engaging with investors is fundamental to our commitment to good
governance and essential to maintaining our industry-leading practices. Throughout the year, we seek opportunities to connect with
our investors to gain and share valuable insights into current and emerging global governance trends.
During 2015, we met with 42 investors who represent 34% of shares
outstanding to discuss various key corporate governance-related matters, including executive compensation. These meetings were
conducted in person, via teleconference or one-on-one at industry conferences. Our engagement activities take place throughout
the year. Although shareholder outreach is primarily a function of management, members of our Board will also participate when
appropriate. In addition to speaking with our institutional investors, we also are responsive to our ret