sustainability: operational excellence, environmental commitment, social responsibility and economic performance.
Our commitment to shareholder engagement. We value the perspectives our shareholders provide by participating at our annual meeting and engaging in conversations
with us throughout the year. In 2016, we invited shareholders representing approximately half of our shares outstanding to discuss governance, compensation and other topics of interest to our
shareholders. In response, shareholders provided valuable feedback that was shared with the full Board, which considered that feedback in its decision making process. As a result of these discussions,
the Board adopted a proxy access bylaw earlier this year. The valuable input we receive from shareholders is very important to the Board and we look forward to continuing our dialogue in the coming
year.
Growing shareholder distributions. We understand the importance of growing shareholder distributions in the form of share repurchases and dividends. In 2016, we
increased the dividend by 13 percent and returned $2.3 billion of capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.
Your vote is important. Whether or not you plan to attend the annual meeting in person, and no matter how many shares you own, please vote by telephone or the
Internet, or mark your vote on the enclosed proxy card and sign, date, and return it by mail. For additional information on voting your shares, please see the instructions in the proxy statement on
page 57.
look forward to greeting you on May 3.
Sincerely,
Greg C. Garland
Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer
Table of Contents
IMPROVING THE LIVES OF
CURRENT AND FUTURE GENERATIONS
Phillips
66 supports educational programs that contribute to the vibrancy and resilience of communities. Recognizing that an educated workforce moves the world forward, we invest in teaching the
skills that are critical to developing energy solutions for the 21 st century. Key among these skills is competence in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) disciplines.
way we demonstrate that support is our participation with the MIND Research Institute, a nonprofit organization that develops visually based software to enhance learning and brings visual math
instruction and game-based learning to local schools. MIND's signature ST Math program, game-based instructional software for K-12, is designed to boost math comprehension and proficiency through
visual learning. With this program, we aim to instill a love of math in students and develop tomorrow's problem solvers.
Since
2014, Phillips 66 has contributed $2.5 million to the Institute and sponsored the ST Math program in 50 schools, many of them in the communities in which we operate: Freeport, Brazoria,
and Houston, Texas; Ponca City, Oklahoma; Billings, Montana; Ferndale, Washington; and Wilmington, California. We often accompany this gift with the technology needed to ensure a successful
implementation, such as 3-D printers and Chromebook computers.
Among
the children sitting in classrooms today are tomorrow's energy industry leaders. That's why Phillips 66 is investing in STEM education. We believe that this partnership will help us fuel
students' interest in science, technology, engineering and math, while preparing them for the future.
Table of Contents
NOTICE OF 2017 ANNUAL MEETING
OF SHAREHOLDERS
May 3, 2017
9:00 A.M. Central Daylight Time
Houston Marriott Westchase
2900 Briarpark Drive
Houston, Texas 77042
Items of Business
1. To
elect the three Directors named in this proxy statement
2. To
ratify the appointment of Ernst & Young LLP as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for fiscal year 2017
3. To
consider and vote on a management proposal to approve, on an advisory (non-binding) basis, the compensation of our Named Executive Officers
4. To
transact other business properly coming before the meeting
Record Date
You can vote if you were a shareholder of record on March 10, 2017.
Annual Report
Our 2016 Annual Report to Shareholders accompanies, but is not part of, these proxy materials.
Proxy Voting
Shareholders as of the Record Date are invited to attend the annual meeting. Whether or not you plan to attend in person, please vote in
advance of the meeting by using one of the methods described in this proxy statement.
This
proxy statement and accompanying proxy are being provided to shareholders on or about March 22, 2017.
Order of the Board of Directors
Paula A. Johnson
Corporate Secretary
March 22, 2017
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
PROXY SUMMARY
PROXY STATEMENT
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE COMPANY
Board Leadership Structure
Summary of Board Committees
Director Independence
Shareholder and Community Engagement
Sustainability
Communications with the Board
Director Meeting Attendance
Board's Risk Oversight
Code of Business Ethics and Conduct
Related Party Transactions
Board and Committee Evaluations
Nominating Processes of the Nominating and Governance Committee