sustainability plans and goals and statements about our future financial performance and business. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words like “plans,” “expects,” “will,” “anticipates,” “believes,” “intends,” “projects,” “targets,” “estimates” or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements are based on certain assumptions and expectations of future events which may not prove accurate or be realized, and involve risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond Phillips 66’s control. Risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from management’s expectations are described in our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition, our sustainability goals are aspirational and may change. Statements regarding our goals are not guarantees or promises of future performance. We undertake no duty to update any forward-looking statement that we may make, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required by applicable law.
NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES
This Proxy Statement contain references to “Adjusted VCIP EBITDA," “Adjusted PSP ROCE,” “net debt-to-capital ratio,” and “Adjusted Controllable Costs.” These are not measures of financial performance under generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) and may not be defined and calculated by other companies using the same or similar terminology. Please see Appendix B, Non-GAAP Financial Measures , for the reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measure.
Phillips 66 2023 Proxy Statement
Letters from Leadership
From our Executive Chairman and President and Chief Executive Officer
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
This past year, as the world saw major disruptions in energy supplies, our employees stepped up to provide the products fundamental to human progress, executing on our vision of providing energy and improving lives. In rising to this challenge, Phillips 66 delivered strong operating a nd financial results. During the year, we returned $3.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases, paid down $2.4 billion of debt and increased our year-end cash balance by $3.0 billion. At our Investor Day in November, we outlined the strategic priorities that we believe will best position us to reward you — our shareholders — now and into the future.
• Deliver shareholder returns. In 2022, we announced a target to return between $10 billion to $12 billion to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases in the period from July 2022 through year-end 2024. To help us achieve our target, the Board increased our share repurchase authorization by $5 billion in November and, in the first quarter of 2023, raised the quarterly dividend for the twelfth time, continuing our trend of delivering a secure, competitive and growing dividend.
• Improve refining performance. We achieved 90% crude capacity utilization in 2022. Looking ahead, we aim to increase market capture and crude capacity availability and meaningfully reduce our operating costs. We will seek these improvements while maintaining our unwavering commitment to safety.
• Capture value from wellhead to market. Through the acquisition of Phillips 66 Partners, LP and our increasing stake in DCP Midstream, LP, we built out our NGL wellhead-to-market strategy, and are well positioned to grow earnings attributable to our shareholders and capture commercial and operating synergies.
• Execute our Business Transformation. In 2022, we launched a Business Transformation to sustainably lower our cost structure, and we captured run-rate savings in excess of $500 million by year-end. Our Business Transformation will better position us to compete and win as energy markets evolve. With a target to deliver $1 billion in run-rate savings by year-end 2023, our organization is challenging the status quo and leveraging technology to improve the ways we w ork.
• Maintain financial strength and flexibility. We believe that disciplined capital allocation and maintaining a strong balance sheet are fundamental to our success. We are targeting a 25-30% net debt-to-capital ratio and will continue to prioritize our investment grade credit ratings, which enhance our ability to compete long-term.
• Drive disciplined growth and returns. We will selectively pursue growth opportunities that offer high returns. As we evaluate lower-carbon opportunities, we will seek to leverage our core competencies and existing assets. Our Rodeo Renewed refinery conversion is a great example, which achieved final investment decision last year. Upon completion, Rodeo Renewed will be one of the world's largest renewable fuels production facilities.
Last year, we committed to working with our joint venture, Chevron Phillips Chemical Company LLC (CPChem), to enhance its sustainability report to include a discussion of how CPChem tests its plastics portfolio and assesses its strategy under potential future plastics demand scenarios. In August 2022, CPChem released its eleventh sustainability report, Accelerating Change for a Sustainable Future , which includes an analysis of its business model and production profile under three plastic demand outlooks. The report is available on CPChem's website, and described more fully in this Proxy Statement.
Our mission is clear, and we are energized and optimistic about the future as we focus on rewarding you, our shareholders. Thank you for your continued support and investment in Phillips 66.
In safety, honor and commitment,
Greg C. Garland
Executive Chairman
March 30, 2023
Mark E. Lashier
President and Chief Executive Officer
March 30, 2023
From Our Lead Independent Director
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
The independent directors and I join Greg and Mark in inviting you to attend our 2023 annual meeting of shareholders virtually. As the Board’s Lead Independent Director, I had the opportunity to sit down with many of our shareholders during the year. At these meetings, I learned more about the priorities of our shareholders and I was able to share the Board's perspectives on these topics. I discussed the input that I received in these meetings with the entire Board, which considered these viewpoints in our discussions and decisions.
This past year, many of these conversations touched upon the energy transition and matters of energy security, the Company's sustainability initiatives, greenhouse gas emissions reduction target-setting, and our approach to human capital management matters. You also expressed an interest in learning more about our ongoing director refreshment efforts and governance in the boardroom, including our oversight of the recent CEO transition. This Proxy Statement includes discussion of these matters that I hope you will find informative.
Another recurring topic of interest was the classification of our Board. In response to your feedback, we are asking shareholders again this year to support our proposal to declassify the Board so that our directors will be elected annually beginning in 2026. Your vote is important, so we are offering an incentive this year to encourage you to vote. Phillips 66 will make a $1 charitable donation for every shareholder account that votes. Contributions will be made to Project Lead The Way, a non-profit organization that empowers students to thrive in an evolving world by providing teachers with the training, resources and support they need in classrooms across the United States. Please make your voice heard, and join us in supporting Project Lead The Way.
I encourage you to read this Proxy Statement and our 2022 Annual Report on Form 10-K before you make your voting decisions. I also encourage you to read the Company's latest Sustainability Report, Lobbying Activities Report and Human Capital Management Report that are available to you on the Company's website.
Our Board remains committed to building long-term value in the Company and