sustainability initiatives, and our approach to human capital management matters. I discussed the input that I received in these meetings with the entire Board, which considered these viewpoints in our discussions and decisions.
Shareholders also expressed an interest in learning more about governance in the boardroom, including our oversight of the recent CEO transition, Board refreshment and the upcoming Board leadership transition. This Proxy Statement includes greater discussion of these matters that I hope you will find informative. Additionally, we were pleased to welcome Bob Pease to the Board earlier this year. Bob brings broad energy industry experience to the Board, particularly in refining, and a global perspective on business affairs that will add to the Board's oversight of the Company as we advance our strategic priorities.
Above all, the Board remains committed to building long-term value and returning capital to our shareholders. This is particularly evident in the tremendous progress that our management team has made over the past year executing the Company’s strategic priorities to meet its financial and operational targets. The Company's 2024 capital program underscores this focus, and demonstrates significant capital discipline in support of our strategic priorities.
On behalf of the Board, I join Greg and Mark in thanking you for choosing to invest in Phillips 66. It is a great pleasure to serve as your Lead Independent Director, and I look forward to hearing from many of you again this year.
Sincerely,
Glenn F. Tilton
Lead Independent Director
April 3, 2024
Letters from Leadership 3
Table of Contents
Notice of 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders
Letters from Leadership
Resources and Defined Terms
Proxy Summary
Agenda Items and Voting Recommendations
Business Overview and Performance Highlights
Board and Governance Highlights
Board Overview
Executive Compensation Program Overview
Our Strategic Approach to Sustainability
Communicating with Stakeholders Regarding Sustainability
Spotlight on O ur GHG Emissions Intensity Reduction Targets
Shareholder Outreach and Engagement
Forward-looking Statements, Website References and Links