Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability. We are committed to safely and responsibly carrying out our vision of providing energy and improving lives. We continue to invest in
our communities through matching gifts and volunteer grants, as well as programs that encourage STEM curriculum and scholarship opportunities. We also provide technical and managerial training to develop our employees. In 2018, we invested over
$900 million to fund reliability, safety and environmental projects.
Engaging with shareholders. We continued our investor outreach in 2018, meeting with shareholders representing over one-third of our shares outstanding to discuss our strategy, governance practices,
executive compensation and sustainability. The input we received continues to be incorporated into our Board’s deliberations and decision making. In response to investor feedback, our Board formalized its commitment to seeking diverse
candidates when searching for new directors within our Corporate Governance Guidelines.
Your vote is very
important. Whether or not you plan to attend the annual meeting, and no matter how many shares you own, we encourage you to vote promptly. You may vote by telephone or over the Internet, or by
completing, signing, dating and returning the enclosed proxy card or voting instruction form if you requested to receive printed proxy materials.
I look
forward to sharing more about your company when we gather for our annual meeting on May 8.
In safety, honor and commitment,
Greg C. Garland
Chairman of the Board and
Chief Executive Officer
Supporting Literacy in the Communities Where We Work and Live
For nearly six years, Phillips 66 and the Barbara Bush Houston Literacy Foundation have shared a vision:
Improve lives through the power of literacy.
Weeks before her passing, the former first lady challenged her foundation to find a
way to transform a local library into a place where children and their families could bond through reading.
In partnership with Phillips 66, the foundation presented the Harris County Public Library system with a $200,000 donation in June 2018 to fund Family Place Libraries
at eight Houston-area branches.
“Phillips 66 is truly a point of light for other businesses
to follow,” said Julie Baker Finck, president of the Barbara Bush Houston Literacy Foundation. “It has been a critical partner since the foundation was formed by the Bush family, and its support has led to the creation of several signature
literacy programs that have already increased literacy rates among children in our city.”
Family Place Libraries are part of a nationwide initiative to transform spaces within libraries into community centers for literacy, with special focus on
early-childhood development. In addition to a dedicated physical space, the libraries and staff benefit from specialized training and programs geared toward toddlers and their parents.
“We are delighted to honor the legacy of Barbara Bush and pay tribute to her in such a
special way,” said Phillips 66 Chairman and CEO Greg Garland, who also serves on the foundation’s board of directors.
Phillips 66 has donated nearly $3.5 million since the foundation’s inception in 2013, and employee volunteers have contributed many hours reading to area
schoolchildren.
Bush believed literacy could empower people to succeed. The Barbara Bush
Houston Literacy Foundation was established by Neil and Maria Bush, the former first couple’s son and daughter-in-law, to advance her literacy legacy in the
nation’s fourth-largest city.
Houston ranked 70 th in literacy among more than 80 of the most populous U.S. cities in a recent
survey, and the foundation estimates that 60 percent of area children entering kindergarten each year lack requisite reading skills.
Bush did not live to see the Family Place Libraries realized, dying April 17, 2018, at home in Houston at 92. Her husband of 73 years, former President George H.
W. Bush, died November 30.
Her vision, however, lives on.
“Barbara Bush provided clear vision and strong leadership for literacy,” Garland said.
“We must be sure to uphold her vision across Houston and the United States.”
NOTICE OF 2019 ANNUAL MEETING
OF SHAREHOLDERS
Meeting Date and Time: May 8, 2019 at 9:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time
Meeting Place: The Houston Marriott Westchase, 2900 Briarpark Drive, Houston, Texas 77042
To Phillips 66
Shareholders: Phillips 66 will hold its 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Wednesday, May 8, 2019, at 9:00 a.m. Central Daylight Time at the Houston Marriott Westchase at 2900
Briarpark Drive, Houston, Texas, 77042. At the meeting, shareholders will be asked to consider and vote upon the following proposals:
Items to be voted on
Board voting
recommendation