Sustainability
● Global Public Policy
● Global Coffee Tea and
Cocoa
Additionally, our ceo and cfo engage in meaningful dialogue with
our shareholders through our quarterly earnings calls and investor-related outreach events.
Key areas of discussion included:
● Corporate Governance
● Executive Compensation
● Inclusion and Diversity
● Human Capital Management
● Sustainability Programs
● Supply Chain
● Human Rights
● Company Policy
● Brand/Public Affairs
● Risk Management
● Long-term Growth Strategy
● Financial Performance
● Animal Welfare
Table of Contents
PROXY SUMMARY
EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION ADVISORY VOTE
Our board of directors recommends that shareholders vote to approve,
on a nonbinding, advisory basis, the compensation paid to the Company’s named executive officers (“NEOs”), as
described in this proxy statement, for the following reasons. Please see page 52 of this proxy statement for this proposal.
Delivery Aligned with Performance
Based on effective program design and best practices, and consistent
with our pay-for-performance philosophy, our executive compensation is aligned with Company performance. The
vast majority of compensation value we deliver to our executives is in the form of compensation that is variable and “at-risk”
based on performance.
Compensation
Other
NEOs* Compensation
Excludes Ms. Brewer and Mr. Grismer who ceased employment with the Company in February 2021 and May 2021, respectively.
Strong Governance Standards and Best Practices
The Compensation and Management Development Committee (“Compensation
Committee”) of our board of directors is fully engaged to respond to the dynamic business environment in which we operate.
As discussed in the CD&A section of this proxy statement, the Compensation Committee acts to:
Adapt our compensation program to match the needs of our business
Attract and retain top talent in a dynamic and challenging business environment
Foster long-term shareholder value creation and pay-for-performance alignment by creating meaningful equity incentives linked to rigorous financial objectives
Mitigate compensation-related risk to the organization
Conduct an annual say-on-pay advisory vote and regularly engage with shareholders on executive compensation
Effective Program Design
Competitive total rewards package benchmarked against
comparable peers
Vast majority of executive pay based on performance, primarily in
the form of stock-based compensation
Combination of absolute and relative performance metrics in incentive
programs
Promotion of retention through multi-year vesting of stock awards
Stock ownership policy, including rigorous share ownership requirements
Clawback policy that covers cash and equity and is beyond what is
required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
No fixed term or evergreen employment agreements; No severance agreements
Incorporation of ESG goals into our short-term and long-term incentive
plans (including inclusion and diversity goals)
Double-trigger equity acceleration upon a change-in-control
No hedging, pledging, short sales, or derivative transactions in
Starbucks stock
No tax gross-ups upon a change-in-control or on perquisites or benefits
No excessive executive perquisites
No executive pension plans or supplemental executive retirement
plans
2022 PROXY STATEMENT 13
Table of Contents
PROXY SUMMARY
GLOBAL ENVIRONMENTAL AND SOCIAL IMPACT
People,
Planet, and Profit Positive
At Starbucks, we aspire to be people positive, planet positive, and
profit positive, living our Mission and Values while working together as partners to build a different kind of company. In our
next 50 years, we aspire to create change with lasting positive impact—giving more than we take from the planet, creating
a sustainable future for coffee, positively impacting the communities we serve, and enhancing the well-being of all who connect
with Starbucks.
Key to our success is investing in people, especially our partners,
so they in turn can support people in the communities we serve. Our 400,000 green apron partners around the world are the heartbeat
of Starbucks. When we care for our partners, they care for our customers, and all stakeholders benefit.
Building a great business that scales for good also requires intention,
transparency, and accountability. In fiscal 2022, we remain committed to incorporating metrics focused on building inclusive and
diverse teams, protecting our planet, and developing our executive compensation program. This is how we continue to build an enduring
company, one that is committed to the ideal that doing good for one another—and for our planet—is good for business
over the long-term.
While our society continues to face unprecedented challenges—a
historic global pandemic, extreme weather events, and racial and social injustice —Starbucks partners and our communities
have remained resilient, rising to the occasion in support of one another. Now, more than ever, our success relies on how we partner
together.
People
At Starbucks, we put people at the center. From our partners to farmers
around the world to our neighbors, we aspire to create environments where everyone is welcome and feels a sense of belonging. We
have always believed that our success should be shared, and we remain committed to providing an elevated experience for our partners.
And we know that our success can be built upon to help our partners achieve their biggest dreams and to help our communities thrive.
We are committed to being people positive—a bold effort to enhance
the well-being of all who connect with Starbucks, through actions and programs rooted in opportunity, inclusion, and community.
Table of Contents
PROXY SUMMARY
OPPORTUNITY
We believe in creating meaningful opportunities for our partners—investing in their well-being, building a culture where everyone is welcome, and supporting their aspirations at Starbucks and beyond.
Compensation &
Benefits
We take great pride in knowing we have pioneered innovative benefits for full- and part-time partners around the world. In the U.S., Starbucks benefits package is available to eligible partners who work at least 20 hours a week. It includes comprehensive and affordable health insurance, 100% college tuition coverage, equity in the form of stock, paid parental leave, and reimbursement for certain uncovered fertility services, adoption, and surrogacy expenses. In addition, all partners are eligible for child and adult back-up care, 20 no-cost mental health sessions each year, free Headspace subscriptions, and more. We also offer coverage for transgender procedures, which we developed in partnership with the World Professional Association for Transgender Health.
The Starbucks College Achievement Plan (“SCAP”) is helping eligible U.S. partners complete their college education by receiving 100% upfront tuition coverage for a first-time bachelor’s degree through Arizona State University’s (“ASU’s”) online program. By the end of the first quarter of fiscal 2022, more than 7,500 partners will have graduated with degrees, and more than 20,000 partners are participating in over 100 of ASU’s online degree programs. Notably, 84% of company-operated Starbucks stores in the U.S. have at least one partner participating in SCAP, and 20% of partners participating are the first in their family to attend college. We are proud to continue to lead the way in providing opportunity for our partners.
Internationally, we customize our compensation and benefits packages to remain competitive and responsive to partners’ feedback. For example, for partners in our company-operated stores across China, we offer a critical-illness insurance plan for their parents. We also work closely with our licensed markets to ensure they offer benefits relevant to partner needs.
In fiscal 2021, Starbucks continued to invest in our partners, making one of the most substantial wage investments in the Company’s history. The investment increased pay rates, boosting the premium we already paid to exceed mini