sustainability and availability of the premium products we provide.
Whether it’s arabica coffee, tea, cocoa or manufactured goods, we’re committed to offering ethically sourced and responsibly produced sustainable high-quality products.
Here are a few examples of how we try to bring to life our goal of being globally responsible:
We continue to
work towards making coffee the world’s first sustainable agricultural product to improve the lives of at least 1 million people in coffee communities around the world
• Since
2015, 99% of our coffee has been ethically sourced
¡ we
are committed to our goal of reaching 100% ethically sourced coffee, not just in our supply chain, but working with others to make coffee the world’s first sustainable agricultural product
• Thanks to
our partners and customers, more than 25 million disease-resistant trees have been donated to coffee farmers
¡ we aim to provide 100 million rust-resistant coffee trees to farmers by 2025
• Our Global
Agronomy Center at Hacienda Alsacia in Costa Rica and nine Farmer Support Centers in coffee growing regions across the globe provide open-sourced training to farmers around the world
• We are
investing $50 million in the Starbucks Global Farmer Fund to provide farmer loans to strengthen farms through coffee tree renovation and infrastructure
We are committed
to minimizing our environmental footprint and inspiring others to do the same
• We expect to build and operate 10,000 Greener Stores by 2025:
¡ Powered by renewable energy
¡ Deploying
technologies that deliver 25-30% energy and water savings
¡ Operated
by partners (employees) who are certified sustainability experts
• We are working across our industry to develop an open-sourced solution to
provide a more recyclable cup (through the Next Gen Cup Challenge)
• We are committed to eliminating the use of plastic straws from our
products, globally, by 2020
Create Opportunities
Starbucks has and continues to look to create opportunities for our partners and customers in the communities we serve. From the neighborhoods where our stores are
located to those where our coffee is grown, we are committed to creating and investing in opportunities for people around the world.
Starbucks College Achievement Plan is helping partners complete their education through Arizona State University
online—we aim to have 25,000 partners graduate by 2025
Since 2013, we have hired more than 21,000 veterans and military spouses—we expect to hire 25,000 by 2025
We expect to employ 10,000 refugees globally by 2022
We have hired over 65,000 Opportunity Youth (young people who are not working or in school)—we strive to employ 100,000
by 2020
Strengthen Communities
Each Starbucks store is a part of a community, and we’re committed to strengthening neighborhoods wherever we do business.
We are committed to helping end hunger
DONATING 100%
of food available for donation in
our U.S.
company-owned stores by 2020
By 2020, we aim to have
100% OF OUR STORES
worldwide participating in
community service
annually
For more information, please visit www.starbucks.com/responsibility
STARBUCKS CORPORATION
2019 PROXY STATEMENT / 7
Table of Contents
Proxy Statement
We are making this proxy statement available to you on January 25, 2019 in connection with the solicitation of proxies by our board of directors for the Starbucks
Corporation 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. At Starbucks and in this proxy statement, we refer to our employees as “partners.” Also in this proxy statement, we sometimes refer to Starbucks as the “Company,” “we” or
“us,” and to the 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders as the “Annual Meeting.” When we refer to the Company’s fiscal year, we mean the annual period ending on the Sunday closest to September 30 of the stated year.
Information in this proxy statement for 2018 generally refers to our 2018 fiscal year, which was from October 2, 2017 through September 30, 2018 (“fiscal 2018”). Fiscal years 2018 and 2017 each included 52 weeks. Fiscal 2016
included 53 weeks with the additional week falling in our fourth fiscal quarter.
VOTING INFORMATION
Record Date. The record date
for the Annual Meeting is January 10, 2019. On the record date, there were 1,243,416,517 shares of our common stock outstanding and there were no outstanding shares of any other class of stock.
Voting Your Proxy. Holders of shares of common stock are entitled to cast
one vote per share on all matters. Proxies will be voted as instructed by the shareholder or shareholders granting the proxy. Unless contrary instructions are specified, if the proxy is completed and submitted (and not revoked) prior to the Annual
Meeting, the shares of Starbucks common stock represented by the proxy will be voted: (i) FOR the election of each of the ten director candidates nominated by the board of directors; (ii) FOR approval of the advisory
resolution on our executive compensation; (iii) FOR ratification of the selection of Deloitte & Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm for the fiscal year ending September 29, 2019 (“fiscal
2019”); (iv) AGAINST the shareholder proposal regarding true diversity board reporting; (v) AGAINST the shareholder proposal regarding a report on sustainable packaging; and (vi) in accordance with the best judgment
of the named proxies on any other matters properly brought before the Annual Meeting.
Revoking Your Proxy.
If you are a registered shareholder (meaning, a shareholder who holds shares issued in his or her name and therefore appears on the Company’s share register) and have executed a proxy, you may revoke
or change your proxy at any time before it is exercised by: (i) executing and delivering a later-dated proxy card to our corporate secretary prior to the Annual Meeting; (ii) delivering written notice of revocation of the proxy to our
corporate secretary prior to the Annual Meeting; or (iii) attending and voting in person at the Annual Meeting. Attendance at the Annual Meeting, in and of itself, will not constitute a revocation of a proxy. If you voted by telephone or the
Internet and wish to change your vote, you may call the toll-free number or go to the website, as may be applicable in the case of your earlier vote, and follow the directions for revoking or changing your vote. If your shares are held in the name
of a broker, bank or other holder of record, you should follow the voting instructions you receive from the holder of record to revoke your proxy or change your vote.
Vote Required. The presence,
in person or by proxy, of holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Starbucks common stock is required to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting. Abstentions and “broker non-votes” (shares held
by a broker or nominee that does not have discretionary authority to vote on a particular matter and has not received voting instructions from its client on that matter but are deemed to be present at the Annual Meeting) are counted for purposes of
determining the presence or absence of a quorum for the transaction of business at the Annual Meeting.
We have majority voting procedures for the election of
directors in uncontested elections. If a quorum is present, a nominee for election to a position on the board of directors will be elected as a director if the votes cast for the nominee exceed the votes cast against the nominee. The term of any
incumbent director who does not receive a majority of votes cast in an election held under the majority voting standard terminates on the earliest to occur of: (i) 90 days from the date on which the voting results of the election are certified;
(ii) the date the board of directors fills the position; or (iii) the date the director resigns. If a quorum is present, approval of the advisory resolution on executive compensation, ratification of the selection of Deloitte &
Touche LLP as our independent registered public accounting firm and approval of all shareholder proposals