Sustainability
STOCK OWNERSHIP
Equity Compensation Plan Information
Beneficial Ownership of Common Stock
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
Expenses of Solicitation
Internet Voting
Internet Availability of Annual Meeting Materials
Proposals of Shareholders
Director Nominations for Inclusion in Starbucks Proxy
Materials (Proxy Access)
Shareholders Sharing the Same Address
Annual Report to Shareholders on Form 10-K
Other Business
APPENDIX A – NON-GAAP MEASURES
A- 1
Reconciliation of Extra Week for Fiscal 2021 Measures
A- 2
ADMISSION REQUIREMENTS FOR THE
STARBUCKS CORPORATION 202 3 ANNUAL
MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS
See outside
back cover
2023 PROXY STATEMENT 3
SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this proxy statement other than statements of historical fact, including statements relating to trends in or expectations relating to the expected effects of our initiatives, strategies, and plans, as well as trends in or expectations regarding our financial results and long-term growth model and drivers, and regarding our business strategy and plans and our objectives for future operations, are forward-looking statements. The words ‘”can,” “believe,” “may,” “will,” “continue,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “expect,” “seek,” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends. These statements are subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from expectations. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the risks detailed in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2022. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this proxy statement may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. You should not rely upon forward-looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results. We assume no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this proxy statement, except as may be required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
To Our Shareholders
Over the years and throughout our years of joint service on the board, we have returned often to the origin story of 1912 Pike Place, our first and still-beloved storefront in the heart of Seattle. When you step inside the front doors of this tiny space, you are transported into another world. This is a place where on either side of the well-worn wood counters, visitors and baristas converse like old friends and celebrate the craft and care that goes into every cup of Starbucks coffee. There’s an enduring energy and spirit in the air that inspires us and reminds us of the extraordinary journey Starbucks has traveled over five decades.
We’ve grown from just four stores to nearly 36,000; from serving a few hundred customers a day to now more than 100 million customer occasions daily around the world.
At the heart of it all is the Starbucks secret sauce – our people and their ability to create magic through coffee and connection.
Reinvention
Last summer, we set off in a new direction. Together with our partners, we have co-created a Reinvention plan that touches every aspect of the Starbucks Experience . For our customers, we are using technology to make their visits to our stores personalized and effortless, while also freeing up store partners to focus on creating more moments of connection. We are meeting them where they are, whether that’s a Cold Brew on the go from a Pick-Up store, a quiet moment with a cappuccino inside one of our cafés, or a deep-dive into coffee education with a workshop at our new Starbucks Reserve location at the Empire State Building. For our partners, we are equipping them with better tools and training and have committed more than $1 billion in partner and store experience investments. We are bringing coffee excellence, coffee craft, and joy and a little bit of love back into being a Starbucks barista.
Over the past year, we have seen that the demand for Starbucks is greater than ever. In fiscal 2022, global revenues grew 13 percent* over the prior year to a record $32.3 billion, driven by phenomenal 8 percent global growth in comparable store sales. Starbucks International continues to drive growth for the company, and we expect two-thirds of global retail growth over the next three years to come from our international business. As we continue to navigate the COVID pandemic and its impacts in China, we are focused on supporting our partners and leaders in the market and look forward to a bright future ahead.
Our impact at Starbucks ripples on a global scale. We take this responsibility seriously and strive to make a positive difference in the lives of the people we serve and the planet we share. We believe that every partner and every customer should have a sense of belonging at Starbucks, and should be able to be their authentic selves every day. We are dedicated to advancing racial and social equity, and we are committed to furthering that work with intention, transparency, and accountability. We are striving to be a resource-positive company, to give back more of the planet’s resources than we consume. To help us get there, we have clear and ambitious sustainability targets to reduce our carbon, water, and waste footprints in half by 2030. Additionally, we are integrating sustainability throughout our Reinvention efforts, working to ensure we are considering the impacts to sustainability with each one of our strategies.
Onward
The new fiscal year also marks a new chapter with incoming ceo, Laxman Narasimhan. Since joining the company in October, he has been traveling around the world and immersing in our company and culture. Each day we have together, including time in Origin with our extended leadership team this Fall in Hacienda Alcasia, Costa Rica, we are reminded he is an extraordinary global citizen and servant leader who is embracing the vision of Starbucks in his own way.
We are both so proud of the company Starbucks is today and will be tomorrow, and profoundly grateful to the more than 400,000 Starbucks partners who are a part of this great odyssey. We would also like to extend our appreciation to the Starbucks Board of Directors for their leadership and support during this time of reinvention and renewal. We are laying the foundation for the future of a Starbucks even more true to our shared mission: To inspire and nurture the human spirit – one person, one cup and one neighborhood at a time.
With respect and gratitude,
Howard Schultz
chief executive officer
Mellody Hobson
independent chair of the board
*Growth rate is based on a 52-week basis. Please refer to Appendix A for Reconciliation of Extra Week.
2023 PROXY STATEMENT 5
Fiscal 2022 Business Highlights
Starbucks is the premier roaster, marketer, and retailer of specialty coffee globally, with a presence in 83 markets worldwide. Since 1971 we have been committed to ethically sourcing and ro