corporate social responsibility
committee, its safety and reliability committee and its human resources and compensation committee. She also is a member of the board of directors of Brookfield Asset Management Inc., a global asset management company (since April 2008), where she
chairs the risk management committee and is a member of the management resources and compensation committee; Balfour Beatty plc, an infrastructure services company (since July 2012), where she chairs the safety and sustainability committee and is a
member of both the nomination and the remuneration committees; and Canadian National Railway Company (since 1995), where she chairs the environment, safety and security committee, and is a member of the corporate governance and nominating committee,
finance committee, audit committee and the strategic planning committee. Ms. Kempston Darkes brings to the Board extensive automotive industry experience, as the Company continues to focus on product reliability and execution, as well as proven
leadership abilities and experience in Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. The Board also benefits greatly from Ms. Kempston Darkes’ audit committee experience and financial expertise.
PAAL KIBSGAARD, 48, has been a director of the Company since 2011, Chairman of the board of directors since April 2015 and has served as Chief
Executive Officer of the Company since August 2011. He was the Company’s Chief Operating Officer from February 2010 to July 2011, and President of the Reservoir Characterization Group from May 2009 to February 2010. Prior to that,
Mr. Kibsgaard served as Vice President, Engineering, Manufacturing and Sustaining, from November 2007 to May 2009, and as Vice President of Personnel from April 2006 to November 2007. Mr. Kibsgaard has been with the Company since 1997, and
began his career as a reservoir engineer. He has held numerous operational and administrative management positions within the Company in the Middle East, Europe and the U.S. As a result of his service in various global leadership positions in the
Company, he brings to the Board a unique operational perspective and thorough knowledge of the Company’s operational activities worldwide. The Board believes that Mr. Kibsgaard’s service as Chairman and Chief Executive Officer is an
important link between management and the Board, enabling the Board to perform its oversight function with the benefit of his perspectives on the Company’s business.
NIKOLAY KUDRYAVTSEV, 65, has been a director of the Company since 2007. Since June 1997, he has been the Rector of the Moscow Institute of
Physics and Technology. Mr. Kudryavtsev has been chairman of the Board of Rectors of the City of Moscow and Moscow Region since 2012, and was elected Vice President of the Russian Rectors Union in 2014. Mr. Kudryavtsev brings to the Board
valuable management and finance experience, as well as deep scientific and technological expertise. This provides the Board with valuable insight regarding the Company, its products and current technology, as well as the future technological needs
of the Company and the industry. Mr. Kudryavtsev also provides the Board with a particularly valuable Russian vantage point, which is useful for both the development of the Company’s business and understanding of the needs of the
Company’s population of Russian employees. The Board is aided immensely by Mr. Kudryavtsev’s sensitivity to Russian culture and risk at the field level.
MICHAEL E. MARKS, 65, has been a director of the Company since 2005. He has been a Managing Partner of Riverwood Capital, LLC, a private
equity firm, since March 2007. Mr. Marks has been a director of SanDisk, a memory products company, since 2003 and became its Chairman in 2011. He also chairs its nominating and governance committee. Mr. Marks is the lead independent
director at GoPro, Inc., a consumer camera company, and is a member of its nominating and governance and its compensation and leadership committees. From 1991 to 2008, Mr. Marks served as a director at Flextronics, Inc., a leading producer of
advanced electronic manufacturing services, and was its Chief Executive Officer from January 1994 to January 2006. From 2006 to 2008, he was Chairman of the Board of Flextronics Mr. Marks previously served on the boards of directors of Sun
Microsystems and Calix, and is a director at several privately-held companies. Mr. Marks brings to the Board his familiarity with world-class manufacturing from the field level to the
Table of Contents
boardroom based on his experience at Flextronics, a large, diversified global corporation with many of the same issues that Schlumberger faces. As a former chief executive and as a public company
director at various other companies, Mr. Marks has been involved in succession planning, compensation, employee management and the evaluation of acquisition opportunities. Mr. Marks’ significant experience as a director at various
technology-driven companies, as well as his finance and mergers and acquisitions experience, are especially relevant to Schlumberger’s technology-oriented business and growth strategy.
INDRA K. NOOYI, 60, has been a director of the Company since April 2015. She is the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of PepsiCo, a global
food and beverage company. She was named President and CEO in 2006, and assumed the additional role of Chairman of PepsiCo’s Board of Directors in 2007. She was elected to PepsiCo’s Board of Directors and became President and Chief
Financial Officer in 2001, after serving as Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer since 2000. Mrs. Nooyi also served as PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President, Corporate Strategy and Development from 1996 until 2000, and as
PepsiCo’s Senior Vice President, Strategic Planning from 1994 until 1996. The Board believes that it benefits greatly from Mrs. Nooyi’s proven leadership as Chairman and CEO of a global public company. The Board also believes that her
expertise in developing and directing corporate strategy and finance, mergers and acquisitions, and organizational and talent management enables her to make valuable contributions to the Board.
LUBNA S. OLAYAN, 60, has been a director of the Company since 2011. She is the Chief Executive Officer and deputy chairperson of Riyadh-based
Olayan Financing Company, the holding entity for The Olayan Group’s operations in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and the Middle East. Ms. Olayan is a Principal and a Board member of Olayan Investments Company Establishment, the parent company
of The Olayan Group, a private multinational enterprise with diverse commercial and industrial operations in the Middle East and an actively managed portfolio of international investments. Since December 2004, she has been a director of Saudi
Hollandi Bank, becoming the first woman to join the board of a Saudi publicly-listed company. She was elected Vice Chairman in January 2014 and is a member of its executive committee and its nomination and remuneration committee. Ms. Olayan is
a non-executive director and member of numerous international advisory boards, such as Rolls Royce Group plc and Akbank. Ms. Olayan also serves on the boards of various non-governmental organizations, as well as of various educational
institutions, including King Abdullah University of Science and Technology. Ms. Olayan served as a non-executive director of WPP plc, a multinational communication services company, from March 2005 to June 2012, and was a member of its
nomination committee. Ms. Olayan brings to the Board extensive business experience in Saudi Arabia and the Middle East and a deep understanding of those areas, which are critical to the Company and enable her to make valuable contributions to
the Board. The Board benefits from her proven leadership abilities, extensive CEO experience and expertise in corporate finance, international banking, distribution and manufacturing. Ms. Olayan also brings a critical international