corporate social responsibility committee, and is a member
of its safety
and reliability
committee and its human resources and compensation committee. She also is a member of the board of directors
of Brookfield Asset Management Inc., a global asset management company (since April 2008), where she chairs the risk
management committee and is a member of the management resources and compensation committee; and Canadian National Railway
Company (since 1995), where she chairs the environment, safety and security committee, and is a member of the corporate
governance and nominating committee, finance committee, audit committee and strategic planning committee. Ms. Kempston
Darkes was
also a director
of Balfour Beatty plc, an infrastructure services company from July 2012 through May 2017, where she
chaired the safety and sustainability committee and was a member of both the nomination and the remuneration committees.
Relevant Skills and Expertise
Ms. Kempston Darkes brings to the Board extensive
automotive industry experience, which is particularly relevant to the Company as it continues to focus on improving product reliability
and execution, and has proven leadership abilities and experience in Latin America, Africa and the Middle East. The Board also
benefits greatly from Ms. Kempston Darkes’ audit committee experience and financial expertise.
Paal Kibsgaard
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Director since 2011
Age: 50
Other Current Public Boards: None
Board Committees
• None
Former Public Directorships Held During the Past 5 Years
• None
Other Experience and Education
• Qualified
petroleum engineer
• Master’s
Degree from Norwegian Institute of Technology
• Director of
privately-held company
• Schlumberger training and expertise
PAAL KIBSGAARD has been a director of the Company
since 2011 and Chairman of the Board since April 2015, and has served as Chief Executive Officer of the Company since August 2011.
He was the Company’s Chief Operating Officer from February 2010 to July 2011, and President of the Reservoir Characterization
Group from May 2009 to February 2010. Prior to that, Mr. Kibsgaard served as Vice President, Engineering, Manufacturing and Sustaining,
from November 2007 to May 2009, and as Vice President of Personnel from April 2006 to November 2007. Mr. Kibsgaard has
been with the Company since 1997, and began his career as a reservoir engineer. He has held numerous operational and administrative
management positions within the Company in the Middle East, Europe and the U.S.
Relevant Skills and Expertise
As a result of his service in various global
leadership positions in the Company, Mr. Kibsgaard brings to the Board a unique operational perspective and thorough knowledge
of the Company’s operational activities worldwide. The Board believes that Mr. Kibsgaard’s service as Chairman and
Chief Executive Officer is an important link between management and the Board, enabling the Board to perform its oversight function
with the benefit of his perspectives on the Company’s business and operations.
Schlumberger Limited 2018 Proxy Statement
Back to Contents
Nikolay Kudryavtsev
Rector, Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology
Director since 2007
Age: 67
Other Current Public Boards: None
Board Committees
• Audit
• Finance
• Science and
Technology
Former Public Directorships Held During the Past 5 Years
• None
Other Experience and Education
• Prior Chair,
Molecular Physics Department at the Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology
• PhD in physics
and mathematics, Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology
• Member, Russian
Academy of Sciences
NIKOLAY KUDRYAVTSEV has been the Rector of the
Moscow Institute of Physics and Technology since June 1997. He has also been chairman of the Board of Rectors of the City of Moscow
and Moscow Region since 2012, and was elected Vice President of the Russian Rectors Union in 2014.
Relevant Skills and Expertise
Mr. Kudryavtsev brings to the Board valuable
management and finance experience, as well as deep scientific and technological expertise. This provides the Board with valuable
insight regarding the Company, its products and current technology, as well as the future technological needs of the Company and
the industry. Mr. Kudryavtsev also provides the Board with a particularly valuable Russian vantage point, which is useful for both
the development of the Company’s business and an understanding of the needs of the Company’s population of Russian
employees. The Board is aided immensely by Mr. Kudryavtsev’s sensitivity to Russian culture and risk at the operational level.
Helge Lund
Former Chief Executive Officer, BG Group plc and Statoil
Director since 2016
Age: 55
Other Current Public Boards: Novo Nordisk AS
Board Committees
• Audit
• Finance
Former Public Directorships Held During the Past 5 Years
• Nokia
Other Experience and Education
• BA in Economics
from Norwegian School of Economics & Business Administration
• MBA
from INSEAD
• Norwegian
energy policy expertise
• Director of
a privately-held company
• Private
equity experience
HELGE LUND is an Operating Advisor for the investment
firm Clayton, Dubilier & Rice, a private equity investment firm since September 2016. He was the Chief Executive Officer of
BG Group from February 2015 through February 2016. From August 2004 to October 2014, he was the Chief Executive Officer of
Statoil ASA, an international oil and gas company. Prior to Statoil, Mr. Lund served as President and Chief Executive Officer of
Aker Kvaerner, an industrial conglomerate with operations on oil and gas, engineering and construction, pulp and paper and shipbuilding.
He served on the board of directors of Nokia from 2011 to 2014, and on the board of directors of Novo Nordisk from 2014 to 2015,
and was re-elected to that board in 2017. In February 2018, Mr. Lund also joined the board of directors of Belron S.A., a private
glass repair company.
Relevant Skills and Expertise
Mr. Lund brings to the Board strong leadership
and operational expertise from his experience as the chief executive officer of several public companies as well as of a national
oil company. Mr. Lund also provides valuable insight into the developing domestic and international energy policies of Norway and
the intricacies of negotiating with global energy companies. He also has extensive experience dealing with global energy institutions
such as the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries and the International Energy Agency and with navigating various opportunities
in the oil and gas industry, including acquisition targets and other business opportunities.
Schlumberger Limited 2018 Proxy Statement
Back to Contents
Michael E. Marks
Managing Partner, Riverwood Capital, LLC
Director since 2005
Age: 67
Other Current Public Boards: None
Board Committees
• Audit
Former Public Directorships Held During the Past 5 Years
• SanDisk Corp.
• GoPro, Inc.
Other Experience and Education
• Former chief
executive officer of a public company
• MBA
from Harvard Business School
• Director of
several privately-held companies
MICHAEL E. MARKS has been a Managing Partner
of Riverwood Capital, LLC, a private equity firm, since March 2007. From 2011 to 2017, he was the lead independent director at
GoPro, Inc., a consumer camera company, and was the chair of its compensation and leadership committee and a member of its nominating
and governance committee. Mr. Marks served as director of San Disk Corp., a memory products company, from 2003 to 2011 and as Chairman
from 2011 until 2016, when it was acquired. Mr. Marks previously served on the boards of directors of Flextronics Inc., Sun Microsystems
and Calix, Inc.
Relevant Skills and Expertise
Mr. Marks brings to the Board his experience
with world-class manufacturing from the field level to the boardroom based on his experience as CEO at Flextronics, a large, diversified
global corporation with many of the same issues that Schlumberger faces. As a former chief executive and direct