environmental,
social and governance risks.
Prohibition on Hedging or Pledging of Schlumberger Stock
Our directors and executive officers
are prohibited from using any strategies or products (such as derivative securities or short-selling techniques) to hedge against
the potential changes in the value of Schlumberger common stock. In addition, our directors and executive officers, and other key
employees, are prohibited from holding Schlumberger securities in a margin account or pledging Schlumberger securities as collateral
for a loan. Our insider trading policy strongly discourages, but does not prohibit, other employees from engaging in speculative
transactions, including hedging or other financial mechanisms, holding Schlumberger securities in a margin account or pledging
Schlumberger securities.
Schlumberger
Limited 2019 Proxy Statement
Back to Contents
Policy Against
Lobbying and Political Contributions
Schlumberger has a strong
culture of being politically neutral, and has a long-standing policy against lobbying and making financial or in-kind
contributions to political parties or candidates, even when permitted by law. This policy, as set forth in
Schlumberger’s code of conduct, entitled The Blue Print and The Blue Print in Action (our “Code of
Conduct”), prohibits the use of Company funds or assets for political purposes, including for contributions to any
political party, candidate or committee, whether federal, state or local. In addition, the Company does not lobby. As a
result of the Company’s policy of political neutrality, Schlumberger does not have a political action committee, nor
does it contribute to any third-party political action committees or other political entities organized under Section 527
of the Internal Revenue Code.
In 2018, the Center for
Political Accountability (“CPA”), a non-profit, non-partisan organization, assessed our disclosure for its annual
CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability (“CPA-Zicklin Index”). The CPA-Zicklin
Index measures the transparency, policies and practices of the Standard & Poor’s 500.
As a result of our enhanced disclosure regarding our prohibition on political lobbying and contributions, we achieved a
perfect score of 100% in the 2018 CPA-Zicklin Index.
Our Commitment to Stewardship
Our Board, along with
our customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders, understands that a modern approach to running our Company must
be aligned with a commitment to global stewardship. Our stewardship journey, which has evolved over the past decades, is
gaining momentum as we continue to work with our customers to address their environmental, social, and governance
objectives; mitigate social and environmental risks; and lower their greenhouse gas emissions in field operations. We
endeavor to be at the forefront of change, leading technology innovation and training and development of our employees. For
example, most recently, we adopted a requirement that all of our employees receive sustainability and stewardship training
every two years.
We believe our more than 90 years
of industry experience and leadership will be invaluable to the ongoing worldwide energy transition. We have engaged three main
strategies to this end:
Endeavoring to make
stewardship a part of our operations
We do this through several
risk assessment and mitigation programs in aspects of our operations where we have determined that we can have the most
effective impact. For example, to assist us in an environmental impact review of our operations in one country where we have
sizable operations, we engaged an independent consultant specializing in helping companies implement positive change in
response to climate and carbon challenges, while also driving commercial performance. The independent consultant analyzed the
various climate risks, including sea level change, that would reasonably be expected to affect the location, and provided
us with mitigation options to address those risks.
Similarly, we chose 11 of the 17 United Nations Sustainable
Development Goals (“SDGs”) at the corporate level that we believe we can impact as a company. From this portfolio of
11 SDGs that we chose, each of our GeoMarket regions will select SDGs to focus on and will further set targets related to each
SDG that we expect will measurably improve environmental and social conditions in the countries and regions where we operate. To
find out more about our Global Stewardship Program, and how we seek to align ourselves with the United Nations SDGs, see our annual
Global Stewardship Report, which is available at www.slb.com/globalstewardship.
(bolded items are part of
Schlumberger portfolio of goals)
Promoting technological growth with positive environmental
outcomes
We believe that our ability to
develop cutting-edge technology differentiates us from our competitors. We have a global network of six research centers and
10 technology centers that develop products and processes that both maximize the recovery from a given well, as well as
reduce the impact of our operations on the environment. For example, we began our research on geologic storage of carbon in
the mid 1990’s. An environmental benefit of carbon sequestration is that it can help reduce carbon dioxide emissions.
Our carbon services employees have published 229 technical papers and journal articles. They also currently lead or
participate in more than 60 carbon sequestration projects globally, including nine of the 13 projects under development by
the U.S. Department of Energy’s
Schlumberger
Limited 2019 Proxy Statement
Back to Contents
Carbon Storage Assurance Facility
Enterprise (CarbonSAFE). One environmental benefit of carbon sequestration is that it can help mitigate carbon dioxide emissions.
In 2018, we continued this work by partnering with Stanford University, ExxonMobil and the Environmental Defense Fund (EDF)
to test 12 different methane detectors and the ability to mount these detectors on trucks, aircraft or drones. While current methane
detectors can monitor a single location like a well site, these new technologies can identify and characterize leaks over a large
area of otherwise unmonitored land and allow for remediation.
Engaging in a global dialogue
We have an active voice in the global
energy and sustainability dialogue. In 2016, we hosted a global conference on the future of energy at our research facility in
Cambridge, Massachusetts. The conference addressed topics such as the evolution of the energy transition; the future of world energy
after the international climate agreement at the 2015 Paris Climate Conference (COP21); and climate change. At the conference,
more than 40 thought leaders in engaged in open, frank discussions regarding climate change and related issues.
Some of the attendees included representatives from the MIT Energy Initiative; the Yale Climate and Energy Institute; the U.S.
Department of Energy; the International Energy Agency; the U.S. National Renewable Energy Laboratory, and scientists and other
policy makers from various other institutions and governmental agencies.
We also share our views with several
influential educational and policy studies organizations. Some of these include The Aspen Institute; the Royal Institute of International
Affairs (Chatham House); Energy Intelligence Group; SustainAbility; the Center for Strategic and International Studies; Resources
for the Future; the Bloomberg Sustainable Business Forum, and other sustainability forums.
In addition, we are a part of, or
otherwise support, numerous industry groups including the International Petroleum Industry Environmental Conservation Association
(IPIECA); the American Geosciences Institute; the National Ocean Industries Association; the Permian Strategic Partnership; the
American Petroleum Institute; the Center for Strategic and International Studies; the National Petroleum Council; the Petroleum
Equipment & Services Association; the Independe