Sustainability
$ 2.0 billion
returned to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases
$ 4.20 billion
net income attributable to SLB
Fatality-Free
operations
$ 8.11 billion
adjusted EBITDA +
15% Scope
1 & 2
emissions intensity reduction* vs 2022
$ 6.64 billion
cash flow from operations
13% Scope
emissions intensity reduction* vs 2022
$ 4.04 billion
free cash flow +
More than $ 1
billion
of revenue generated by Transition TechnologiesTM portfolio
Inclusivity and Culture
40 %
30 %
24.6 %
Launched new
Code of Conduct
of Board committees
chaired by women
women in executive
leadership
women in salaried
population
Together
with Integrity
+ See Appendix A for non-GAAP reconciliations
* Excludes
acquired Aker Solutions subsea business
A Message from the Board of Directors
February 22, 2024
Dear SLB Shareholder,
2023 was a remarkable year at SLB—marked by widespread
revenue growth, margin expansion, and exceptional cash flow. As a result, we returned $2.0 billion to shareholders in 2023
through dividends and share repurchases. We also recently increased our dividend by 10%, our third increase in the past two years
and reflecting a cumulative 120% increase since the beginning of 2022. Furthermore, we announced plans to increase share repurchases
in 2024, as we target to return more than $2.5 billion to shareholders in 2024.
During the year, our Board concluded a multi-year board refreshment
exercise by appointing Mr. Jim Hackett as our new independent Board Chair. Mr. Hackett brings extensive knowledge of the global
energy industry, both as the former Chairman and CEO of a global energy production and midstream company, and through his extensive
governance experience as a board chair and director at numerous public companies serving the energy industry. This appointment
demonstrates SLB’s commitment to balanced and ongoing board succession planning, with half of our non-executive director
nominees joining the Board since 2021, bringing expertise in areas that are strategic for SLB.
We are actively embedding sustainability in everything we do,
redefining the role that a global technology company in energy can play in the transition. In 2023, we reduced our emissions intensity—the
amount of carbon emissions produced per dollar of revenue—across Scope 1, 2, and 3, in support of SLB’s 2025 emission
reduction commitment. Further, our Transition TechnologiesTM portfolio generated more than $1 billion of revenue in 2023,
as SLB continues to become our customers’ partner of choice for enhancing efficiency and reducing emissions.
Finally, we achieved our lowest recordable injury rate and highest
level of operational reliability on record. These accomplishments are driving customer satisfaction and value creation for SLB,
our customers, and our shareholders.
Overall, our impressive full-year results showcase SLB’s
continued ability to deliver superior earnings, generate exceptional cash flows, and maintain a strong balance sheet. These achievements
are a testament to the performance of our teams of dedicated women and men across the globe, the support of our partners, and the
loyalty of our customers.
We thank you for your investment in SLB and for the opportunity
to serve you and our Company as directors.
Sincerely,
Your Board of Directors
All references in this proxy statement to “SLB,”
“the Company,” “we,” or “our” are to Schlumberger Limited (Schlumberger N.V.) and its subsidiaries.
Website references throughout this document are provided
for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites is not incorporated by reference into this document.
This proxy statement includes forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements other than statements of historical
or current facts made in this document are forward-looking. We use words such as anticipates, believes, expects, future, intends,
goal, target, ambition, will, and similar expressions to identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements reflect
management’s current expectations and are inherently uncertain, and actual results or outcomes could differ materially for
a variety of reasons. Risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to differ significantly from management’s
expectations include, but are not limited to, changing global economic and geopolitical conditions; changes in exploration and
production spending by SLB’s customers and changes in the level of oil and natural gas exploration and development; the results
of operations and financial condition of SLB’s customers and suppliers; SLB’s inability to achieve its financial and
performance targets and other forecasts and expectations; SLB’s inability to achieve net-zero carbon emissions goals or interim
emissions reduction goals; general economic, geopolitical, and business conditions in key regions of the world; the ongoing conflict
in Ukraine; foreign currency risk; inflation; changes in monetary policy by governments; pricing pressure; weather and seasonal
factors; unfavorable effects of health pandemics; availability and cost of raw materials; operational modifications, delays, or
cancellations; challenges in SLB’s supply chain; production declines; the extent of future charges; SLB’s inability
to recognize efficiencies and other intended benefits from its business strategies and initiatives, such as digital or new energy,
as well as its cost reduction strategies; changes in government regulations and regulatory requirements, including those related
to offshore oil and gas exploration, radioactive sources, explosives, chemicals, and climate-related initiatives; the inability
of technology to meet new challenges in exploration; the competitiveness of alternative energy sources or product substitutes;
and other risks and uncertainties detailed in SLB’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31,
2023 ( 2023 Annual Report ) , and other filings that we make with the SEC. If one or more of these or other risks or
uncertainties materialize (or the consequences of any such development changes), or should our underlying assumptions prove incorrect,
actual results or outcomes may vary materially from those reflected in our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking and other
statements in this proxy statement regarding our environmental, social, governance ( ESG ) and other sustainability plans
and goals are not an indication that these statements are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in our
filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking ESG and sustainability-related statements may be based
on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions
that are subject to change in the future.
For definitions of adjusted EBITDA, free cash flow, free
cash flow margin, and net debt, as well as reconciliations of these non-GAAP measures to their most comparable GAAP measures, see
Appendix A.
Emissions intensity data in this proxy statement do not reflect
the impact of the Aker Solutions subsea business, which was acquired in the fourth quarter of 2023.
Notice of 2024
Annual General Meeting
of Shareholders
Items of Business
Election of 11 director nominees.
Advisory “say-on-pay” approval of our executive compensation.
Approval of certain annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023.