human capital management, succession planning, technology and cybersecurity.
Snapshot: Board of Directors
8 2019 Proxy Statement
TABLE OF CONTENTS ​
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued)​
Enhanced Corporate Governance Environment
The Board of Directors has taken a series of actions designed to enhance the Company’s corporate governance environment. The Company’s current corporate governance structure reflects an ongoing commitment to strong and effective governance practices and a willingness to be responsive and accountable to shareholders. We regularly assess and refine our corporate governance policies and procedures to take into account evolving best practices and the interest of our shareholders. Our corporate governance structure includes:
Board Structure and Independence
Board Independence . All of the Company’s director nominees are independent, with the exception of our CEO, who is the only member of management serving on the Board.
Independent Chairman . The Company currently maintains separate roles of chief executive officer and chairman of the Board. An independent director acts as chairman of the Board. In the future, if the chairman is not an independent director, our Corporate Governance Guidelines require that an independent director be designated as presiding director.
Independent Committee Chairs . Each of the Committees of the Board is led by an independent director.
Executive Sessions . The independent directors of the Board meet in executive session led by the independent chairman of the Board at every regularly scheduled Board meeting.
Board Diversity and Refreshment
Board Membership . Since 2016, we have added five new independent directors who have brought valuable and varied experience in distinct and critical areas, each providing a fresh perspective to our Board. Their appointments underscore the Company’s commitment to inviting diverse backgrounds, perspectives, skills and experience into the boardroom to guide the growth and performance of the Company.
Board Skills . Throughout 2016 and again in 2018, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee undertook a comprehensive review of the skills and qualifications of the Board, and the critical skills necessary to guide the Company forward. In 2016 and 2017, we added important skills to our Board in the areas of technology, international operations and commodity markets. We are also recommending a new Director nominee for election at the 2019 Annual Meeting who will bring further expertise in technology, international operations and executive leadership.
Diversity . We believe that diversity is an important attribute of a well-functioning Board. While diversity can be measured in many ways, we note that our 12 Director nominees include 4 women and 2 African-Americans.
Offer to Resign upon Change in Circumstances . Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, any director undergoing a significant change in personal or professional circumstances must offer to resign from the Board.
Overboarding Policy . In 2018, we amended our Corporate Governance Guidelines to limit the number of public company boards on which our Directors may serve to 3 total boards for public company executive officers and 5 total public company boards for other directors, unless the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee determines such outside board service would not impair the Director’s service to the Company.
Retirement Age . Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, directors cannot stand for re-election after reaching the age 72.
Board Tenure . Since 2011, we have reduced the average tenure of our Board from 11.3 years to 6.5 years.
2019 Proxy Statement 9
TABLE OF CONTENTS
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued)
Election of Directors/Accountability to Shareholders
Annual Election of Directors . The Company’s charter provides for the annual election of directors.
Majority Voting in Director Elections . The Company’s By-Laws provide that in uncontested elections, director candidates must be elected by a majority of the votes cast. In uncontested director elections, a director who does not receive a majority of the votes cast must offer to submit his or her resignation for consideration.
Shareholder Right to Call Special Meetings . The Company’s By-Laws allow shareholders of record of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding common stock to call a special meeting.
Annual Self-Evaluation . The Board conducts an annual self-evaluation of Board and Committee performance and each Director’s performance, as well as an evaluation of the Chairman of the Board and each Committee Chair, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reports the results to the Board, including its assessment of the Board’s and the Committees' effectiveness and areas for improvement.
Shareholder Recommendations/Proxy Access
Shareholder Recommendations . Shareholders can submit recommendations of director candidates for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
Proxy Access . A shareholder, or group of up to 20 shareholders, owning continuously for at least three years shares of common stock representing an aggregate of at least 3% of our outstanding shares, may nominate and include in the Company’s Proxy Statement director nominees constituting up to two individuals or twenty percent (20%) of the Company’s Board of Directors, whichever is greater.
Management Succession Planning
Succession Planning . The Board believes that one of its primary responsibilities is to oversee the development and retention of executive talent and to ensure that an appropriate succession plan is in place for our Chief Executive Officer and other members of management. Based on feedback from the Board’s recent self-evaluations, greater focus has been brought to bear on the development of succession planning, including emergency Chief Executive Officer succession planning, at the Board and Committee level. Additional information can be found on pages 19 and 20 of this Proxy Statement.
Board Talent Agenda . In 2018, the full Board reviewed specific talent management topics as standing agenda items at four out of seven of its scheduled meetings.
Compensation Practices
“Double-Trigger” Condition for Vesting of Equity-Based Awards upon a Change -in -Control . Awards granted under the Company’s 2002 Stock Incentive Plan are subject to “double-trigger” treatment in the case of a change-in-control. Additional information can be found in our