human capital management.
Snapshot: Board of Directors
8 2020 Proxy Statement
TABLE OF CONTENTS ​
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued)​
Enhanced Corporate Governance Environment
The Board of Directors regularly assesses and refines our corporate governance policies and procedures to take into account evolving best practices and the interest of our shareholders. The Company’s current corporate governance structure reflects this ongoing commitment to strong and effective governance practices that ensure Board responsiveness and accountability to shareholders. Our corporate governance structure includes:
Board Structure and Independence
Board Independence . All of the Company’s director nominees are independent, with the exception of our CEO, who is the only member of management serving on the Board.
Independent Chairman . The Company currently maintains separate roles of chief executive officer and chairman of the Board. An independent director acts as chairman of the Board.
Independent Committee Chairs . Each of the Committees of the Board is led by an independent director.
Executive Sessions . The independent directors of the Board meet in executive session led by the independent chairman of the Board at least at every regularly scheduled Board meeting.
Board Diversity and Refreshment
Board Refreshment . Since 2016, we have added five new independent directors who have brought valuable and varied experience in distinct and critical areas, each providing a fresh perspective to our Board. Their appointments underscore the Company’s commitment to inviting diverse backgrounds, perspectives, skills and experience into the boardroom to guide the growth and performance of the Company.
Diversity . We believe that diversity is an important attribute of a well-functioning Board. While diversity can be measured in many ways, we note in addition to the above that our 12 Director nominees include 4 women and 2 African-Americans.
Board Skills . During 2018 and 2019, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee undertook a comprehensive review of the skills and qualifications of the Board, and the critical skills necessary to guide the Company forward. In 2019, we appointed a new Director, adding important skills to our Board in the areas of technology, international operations and executive leadership.
Offer to Resign upon Change in Circumstances . Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, any director undergoing a significant change in personal or professional circumstances must offer to resign from the Board.
Overboarding Policy . In 2018, we amended our Corporate Governance Guidelines to limit the number of public-company boards on which our Directors serve (excluding service on our Board) to up to two total boards for public company executive officers and four total boards for other directors, unless the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee determines such outside board service would not impair the Director’s service to the Company.
Retirement Age . Pursuant to our Corporate Governance Guidelines, directors cannot stand for re-election after reaching the age 72.
Board Tenure . Since 2011, we have reduced the average tenure of our Board from 11.3 years to 7.1 years.
Election of Directors/Accountability to Shareholders
Annual Election of Directors . The Company’s charter provides for the annual election of directors.
Majority Voting in Director Elections . The Company’s By-Laws provide that in uncontested elections, director candidates must be elected by a majority of the votes cast. In uncontested director elections, a director who does not receive a majority of the votes cast must offer to submit his or her resignation for consideration.
Shareholder Right to Call Special Meetings . The Company’s By-laws allow shareholders of record of twenty-five percent (25%) or more of the voting power of the Company’s outstanding common stock to call a special meeting.
Annual Self-Evaluation . The Board conducts an annual self-evaluation of Board and Committee performance and each Director’s performance, as well as an evaluation of the Chairman of the Board
2020 Proxy Statement 9
TABLE OF CONTENTS ​
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued)
and each Committee Chair, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee reports the results to the Board and each Committee, including its assessment of the Board’s and the Committees’ effectiveness and areas for improvement. Additional information can be found on page 13 of this Proxy Statement.
Shareholder Recommendations/Proxy Access
Shareholder Recommendations . Shareholders can submit recommendations of director candidates for consideration by the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee.
Proxy Access . A shareholder, or group of up to 20 shareholders, owning continuously for at least three years shares of common stock representing an aggregate of at least 3% of our outstanding shares, may nominate and include in the Company’s Proxy Statement director nominees constituting up to two individuals or 20% of the Company’s Board of Directors, whichever is greater.
Management Succession and Talent Development
Succession Planning . The Board believes that one of its primary responsibilities is to oversee the development and retention of executive talent and to ensure that an appropriate succession plan is in place for our Chief Executive Officer and other members of management. Additional information can be found on page 21 of this Proxy Statement.
Board Talent Agenda . In 2019, the full Board reviewed specific talent management topics as standing agenda items at two out of seven of its scheduled meetings as well as more detailed reviews at the Committee level and during Director-only Board dinner discussions. Additional information can be found on page 21 of this Proxy Statement.
Equity Ownership Requirements
Director Equity Ownership Requirements . Each Director is required to hold 400 shares of the Company’s common stock within 90 days of his or her election to the Board and to hold such shares through his or her tenure as a Director. Additionally, under the Company’s Non-Employee Director Stock Ownership Guidelines, each non-employee Director is required to own or acquire, within five years of election to the Company’s Board of Directors, shares of common stock of the Company having a market value of at least five times the annual cash retainer for serving as a Director of the Company. Additional information can be found on page 109 of this Proxy Statement.
Policy Prohibiting Hedging and Pledging . The Company’s Insider Trading Policy prohibits the hedging and pledging of Company stock by directors without exception.
Compensation Practices
Compensation Governance . Additional highlights of our compensation governance best practices can be found on page 57 of this Proxy Statement.
Corporate Governance Materials
The following corporate governance materials are available and can be viewed and downloaded from the Corporate Governance section of the Company’s Investor Relations website at http://investor.spglobal.com:
the Company’s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation;
the Company’s By-Laws;
the Company’s Corporate Governance Guidelines;
Board Committee Charters for the Company’s Audit, Compensation and Leadership Development, Executive, Finance and Nominating and Corporate Governance Committees;
the Code of Business Ethics applicable to all employees;
the Code of Ethics applicable to the Chief Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers;
the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors applicable to all Company Directors; and
the Audit Committee’s Policy concerning Employee Complaint Procedures Regarding Accounting and Auditing Matters.
10 2020 Proxy Statement
TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​
BOARD OF DIRECTORS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (continued)​
Director Independence
The Board has determined that all of the Company’s current Directors and Directors who serve