environmental, social, and governance matters; expanding international operations; loss or theft of inventory; cash flow; mergers, acquisitions, business investments and divestitures, closings, or business consolidations; real estate leases; economic conditions and consumer spending; market instability; serious disruptions or catastrophic events; seasonal influences; utility, transportation, or logistics costs or availability; fluctuations in exchange rates; compliance with laws, regulations and orders and changes in laws, regulations and applicable accounting standards; outcomes of litigation, legal proceedings and other legal or regulatory matters; quality, safety and other issues with our merchandise; and tax matters. Readers should also review Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on March 29, 2023 for a description of important factors that could cause our future results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements made in this proxy statement, as well as other information we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). We caution investors, potential investors, and others not to place considerable reliance on the forward-looking statements contained in this proxy statement. You are encouraged to read our filings with the SEC, available at www.sec.gov, for a discussion of these and other risks and uncertainties. The forward-looking statements in this proxy statement speak only as of the date of this proxy statement, and we do not undertake any obligation to publicly update or revise our forward-looking statements, even if experience or future changes make it clear that any projected results expressed or implied in such statements will not be realized.
Information appearing on TJX.com is not a part of, and is not incorporated by reference into, this proxy statement.
770 Cochituate Road
Framingham, Massachusetts 01701
April 27, 2023
DEAR SHAREHOLDER:
We welcome you to attend our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Tuesday, June 6, 2023, at 9:00 a.m. (Eastern Daylight Time), to be held virtually, with no on-site location, allowing for enhanced accessibility for shareholders to attend the meeting from various locations. Shareholders who hold shares as of the record date will be able to participate in the virtual meeting online and vote their shares electronically by visiting www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TJX2023. We encourage you to vote your shares.
The proxy statement accompanying this letter describes the business we will consider at the meeting. Please read the proxy statement and arrange for your shares to be voted. Regardless of the number of shares you own, your vote is important. You will find instructions for online and telephone voting included on your proxy card and in the attached notice. If you prefer, you can vote by mail by completing and signing your proxy card and returning it in the enclosed pre-paid return envelope.
Thank you for your continued support of TJX.
Sincerely,
Carol Meyrowitz Ernie Herrman
Executive Chairman of the Board Chief Executive Officer and President
NOTICE OF ANNUAL MEETING OF SHAREHOLDERS - JUNE 6, 2023
ATTENDING THE SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING
VIRTUAL SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING AT: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TJX2023
WHO CAN VOTE
The 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders of The TJX Companies, Inc. will be held in a virtual-only meeting format, solely by means of remote communication on Tuesday, June 6, 2023, at 9:00 a.m. (Eastern Daylight Time (EDT)) to vote on the items listed below. Shareholders who held shares as of the record date may only attend the meeting online by logging in at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TJX2023 on the date and time provided in this notice. You will not be able to attend the meeting in person.
Please see Voting and Meeting Requirements (pp. 80-82) of the proxy statement for additional information about how to join and vote at the meeting. We encourage you to vote your proxy before the Annual Meeting.
Shareholders of record at the close of business on April 13, 2023 are entitled to notice of, and entitled to vote at, the Annual Meeting and any adjournments or postponements of that meeting.
ITEMS OF BUSINESS
The items to be voted on are as follows:
Board
Recommendation
Page
Reference
1. Election of the 9 directors named in this proxy statement FOR each director nominee
2.