corporate responsibility efforts for more than a decade and are committed to further enhancing our programs and disclosures related to environmental, social, and governance (ESG) matters.
Global Collaboration and Oversight: Our Global Corporate Responsibility Executive Steering Committee reviews and considers our corporate responsibility efforts from a cross-functional and cross-divisional perspective. The Committee includes two executive officers reporting directly to the CEO, guides corporate responsibility strategies, and aligns them with TJX business priorities, facilitates corporate responsibility information exchange, recommends additional program efforts, and periodically reports on our progress to the Company’s senior management and our Board. See Corporate Governance: Environmental, Social, and Governance for more on our Board’s role in our ESG efforts.
We continue to focus our global corporate responsibility efforts under the following four key pillars:
OUR WORKPLACE
ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY
Our commitment to our Associates worldwide,
including fostering a workplace where our
Associates feel welcome, valued, and engaged Our commitment to pursuing initiatives that are
good for the environment and
smart for our business
RESPONSIBLE BUSINESS
OUR COMMUNITIES
Our commitment to operating responsibly,
sourcing ethically, and maintaining strong
corporate governance and compliance practices Our commitment to help families and children
access resources and opportunities to help
build a better future
New Environmental Sustainability Goals
Where we are : At the end of FY21, we reached a 32% reduction in greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions from our direct operations against FY17, making steady progress against our FY30 science-based GHG emissions reduction target announced in June 2020.
Looking ahead: In addition to our FY30 science-based target, we have recently set four new, more aggressive goals.
• We have a goal to achieve net zero GHG emissions in our operations by 2040.
• We intend to source 100% renewable energy in our operations by 2030.
• We are working to divert 85% of our operational waste from landfill by 2027.
• We aim to shift 100% of the packaging for products developed in-house by our product design team to be reusable, recyclable, or contain sustainable materials by 2030.
You can find more information about our environmental initiatives at TJX.com/responsibility/environment/.
Other recent highlights include:
• Inclusion and Diversity (I&D) : developed and launched programs and trainings to support our I&D priorities, which include building a more diverse talent pipeline and fostering a more inclusive workplace, informed by our global Associate I&D survey.
• Vendor Supply Chain : reviewed more than 2,400 factory audits in FY22, either conducted by our third-party auditors or accepted from accredited sources, and continued to conduct training sessions to educate buying agents, vendors, and factory management around the world about our requirements and expectations for social compliance.
• Community Support : continued our work with organizations that help expand long-term opportunities for historically disadvantaged racial and ethnic groups in our communities.
• Reporting :
• released our first disclosure aligned to select metrics from the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) reporting standard
• published our 2020 EEO-1 report and additional race/ethnicity statistics for our U.S. workforce
• disclosed a new policy statement for external CEO searches and for external searches for executives reporting directly to the CEO, requiring inclusion of diverse candidates
• launched a chemicals management program outlining our expectations for vendors and suppliers to reduce or eliminate certain chemicals of concern and our initial policy priorities under this program
• earned an A- on our CDP Climate Change Questionnaire response, our 12 th consecutive year participating
See our corporate website, TJX.com, for more information, including our most recent Corporate Responsibility Report which contains an appendix of ESG information that maps the report to the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards, the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, and the SASB standard. Information appearing on TJX.com is not a part of and is not incorporated by reference in this proxy statement.
2022 Proxy Statement 3
Delivering Value to our Stakeholders
CULTURE AND HUMAN CAPITAL MANAGEMENT
OUR GLOBAL WORKFORCE
We believe our Associates are key to our business success. Our large, global workforce supports the execution of our flexible off-price business model, including the management of a rapidly changing mix of merchandise in our nearly 4,700 retail stores in nine countries and across five e-commerce sites. With approximately 340,000 Associates at the end of FY22, we offer positions at a variety of levels in our stores, distribution and fulfillment centers, and offices, as well as many opportunities for Associates to grow and advance.
Our approach to workforce management, supported by the Board in its oversight role (as discussed further on p. 18), includes the following:
As of January 29, 2022:
We had approximately 340,000 employees across all of our geographies and businesses, including full-time, part-time, temporary, and seasonal Associates
86% of our Associates worked in our retail stores
59% of our workforce in the U.S. were members of racially or ethnically diverse groups
35% of managerial positions* in the U.S. were held by members of racially or ethnically diverse groups
*managerial positions defined as Assistant Store Manager (or equivalent) and above
WORKPLACE AND CULTURE
We work to foster a strong, supportive, and inclusive culture so that Associates at TJX feel welcome in the Company, valued for their contributions, and engaged with our business mission. We use defined cultural factors and leadership competencies throughout our global business to express our organizational values, such as personal integrity, relationship-building and collaboration, and respect for our business model, and to promote consistency in leadership development. We have expanded our cultural factors and leadership competencies to include an explicit focus on inclusion and diversity. Our policies and practices, including our open-door philosophy, encourage open and honest communication and engagement with the business. The health and safety of our Associates continued to be a top priority during FY22, as we managed our COVID-19 protocols to address the evolving pandemic across our global operations and maintained many of our broad-based initiatives during FY22.
INCLUSION AND DIVERSITY
We are committed to building a more inclusive and diverse workplace. Our priorities include a focus on three core areas: increasing the representation of diverse talent through our talent pipeline, providing leaders with the tools needed to support all Associates regardless of differences, and integrating inclusive behaviors, language, and practices throughout the business. Our teams globally are working to support these focus areas with many new programs, including recruitment strategies, mentoring programs, training and education, Associate-led I&D advisory boards, and additional Associate Resource Groups.
TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT
We are highly focused on teaching and mentoring to support the career growth and success of our Associates, and we believe these efforts have promoted retention, stability and increased expertise in our workforce. Training happens broadly throughout the organization, from informal mentoring and direct training to a range of career and leadership development programs such as our TJX University for merchandising Associates.
COMPENSATION AND REWARDS
Our compensation programs are designed to pay our Associates competitively in the market and based on their skills, experience level, qualifications, role, and abilities. Our approach to compensation across