sustainability activities and charitable
giving;
reviewing practices and policies with respect to directors, including retirement policies, the size of the Board and the meeting frequency of the Board, and reviewing the functions, duties and composition of the
committees of the Board and compensation for Board and committee members;
recommending processes for the annual evaluations of the performance of the Board, the Chairman, the independent Lead Director and each committee and its chair;
establishing performance objectives for the Chief Executive Officer and annually evaluating the performance of the Chief Executive Officer against such objectives; and
overseeing the maintenance and presentation to the Board of management’s plans for succession to senior management positions.
Executive
Committee . (Ms. Meyrowitz, Chairman ; Ms. Lane; Mr. O’Brien) The Executive Committee meets at such times as it determines to be
appropriate and has the authority to act for the Board on specified matters during the intervals between meetings of the Board.
Finance Committee . (Ms. Lane, Chairman ; Mr. Abdalla; Mr. Bennett; Mr. Hines) The Finance Committee is responsible for reviewing and making
recommendations to the Board relating to our financial activities and condition. The Finance Committee operates under the terms of a written charter which is reviewed by the members of the committee annually. The Finance Committee’s
responsibilities include, among other things:
reviewing and making recommendations to the Board with respect to our financing plans and strategies; financial condition; capital structure; tax strategies, liabilities and payments; dividends; stock repurchase
programs and insurance programs;
approving our cash investment policies, foreign exchange risk management policies, commodity hedging policies, capital investment criteria and agreements for borrowing by us and our subsidiaries from banks and other
financial institutions; and
reviewing investment policies as well as the performance and actuarial status of our pension and other retirement benefit plans.
Board Leadership Structure . Our Board annually elects a
director to serve as Chairman of the Board of Directors. Carol Meyrowitz, Chief Executive Officer of TJX through fiscal 2016, became Chairman in June 2015. Starting at the beginning of fiscal 2017, Ernie Herrman became Chief Executive
Officer and Ms. Meyrowitz continued as Chairman of the Board and an executive officer of TJX in the role of Executive Chairman. Consistent
Table of Contents
with our Corporate Governance Principles, because our current Chairman is not independent, our independent directors have elected an independent Lead Director, John F. O’Brien. In his role
as Lead Director, Mr. O’Brien, among other duties:
meets at least quarterly with our Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman, and with other senior officers as necessary;
attends regular management business review meetings;
schedules meetings of the independent directors, presides at meetings of the Board at which the Executive Chairman is not present, including meetings of the independent directors;
serves as a liaison between the independent directors and the Executive Chairman and management and approves Board meeting schedules and agendas;
attends the meetings of each Board committee; and
undertakes other responsibilities designated by the independent directors.
The Board believes
that the separate roles of Mr. O’Brien, Ms. Meyrowitz and Mr. Herrman are in the best interests of TJX and its stockholders. Mr. O’Brien, as Lead Director, provides independence in TJX’s Board leadership, as provided in the Corporate
Governance Principles, through his review and approval of Board meeting agendas, his participation in management business review meetings and his leadership of the independent directors. Ms. Meyrowitz, as Executive Chairman, has wide-ranging,
in-depth knowledge of our business arising from her many years of service to TJX, and as a result has provided, and we believe will continue to provide, effective leadership to the Board and support for Mr. Herrman, as CEO, and for other members of
management.
Board’s Role in Risk Oversight
It is management’s responsibility to manage risk and bring to the Board’s attention risks that are material to TJX. The Board
has oversight responsibility for the systems established to report and monitor the most significant risks applicable to TJX. The Board administers its risk oversight role directly and through its committee structure and the committees’ regular
reports at Board meetings. In general terms:
The Board reviews strategic, financial and execution risks and exposures associated with the annual plan and multi-year plans; any major litigation and other matters that may present material risk to our
operations, plans, prospects or reputation; acquisitions and divestitures and senior management succession planning and receives regular reports from our Chief Risk and Compliance Officer.
The Audit Committee reviews risks associated with financial and accounting matters, including financial reporting, accounting, disclosure, internal controls over financial reporting, ethics and compliance
programs, compliance with orders and data security and receives regular reports from our Chief Risk and Compliance Officer.
The ECC reviews risks related to executive compensation and the design of compensation programs, plans and arrangements.
The Corporate Governance Committee reviews risks related to Board and CEO evaluations and management succession.
The Finance Committee reviews risks related to financing plans, investment policies, capital structure and liquidity, foreign currency exchange and commodity hedging policies, and investment performance, asset
allocation strategies and funding of our pension and retirement benefit plans.
Table of Contents
Compensation Program Risk
Assessment . As part of our regular enterprise risk assessment process overseen by the Board and described above, we review the risks associated with our compensation plans and arrangements. In fiscal 2016, the ECC reviewed
TJX’s Associate compensation policies and practices and determined that they do not give rise to risks that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on TJX. The ECC’s assessment considered what risks could be created or
encouraged by our executive and broad-based compensation plans and arrangements worldwide, how those potential risks are monitored, mitigated and managed and whether those potential risks are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on
TJX. The assessment was led by our Chief Risk and Compliance Officer, whose responsibilities include leadership of our enterprise risk management process, and included consultation with and input by, among others, executive officers, senior human
resources and financial executives, the ECC’s independent compensation consultant and internal and external legal counsel. The assessment considered, among other things, factors intended to mitigate risk at TJX, including Board and committee
oversight, use of an independent compensation consultant, market checks, compensation mix, emphasis on objective performance-based pay, caps on payouts, company policies, and internal controls and risk management initiatives, and the balance of
potential risks and rewards related to our compensation programs and the role of those programs in implementing our corporate strategy.
Codes of Conduct and Ethics and Other Policies
Global Code of Conduct for Associates . We have a Global Code of Conduct for our Associates that requires our Associates to conduct our business with integrity. Our Global Code of Conduct covers professional conduct,
including employment policies, ethical business dealings, conflicts of interest, confidentiality, intellectual property rights and the protection of confidential information, as well as adherence to laws and regulations applicable to the conduct of
our