sustainability initiatives, advanced STEM education and global health equity, and collectively volunteered more than 100,000 hours to make a difference in our communities. We look forward to sharing more details in our annual Corporate Social Responsibility Report, which we’ll publish later this year.
As I reflect on 2023, I am very proud of what we achieved – and all of it was made possible by our incredible colleagues. That’s why we continue to strengthen our vibrant and inclusive culture, and we continue to make the right long-term investments in our people to enable us to attract and retain the best talent in the industry.
On behalf of our global team, thank you again for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to your attendance at our 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 22, 2024, at 9:00 a.m. (ET).
Sincerely,
Marc N. Casper / Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer / April 9, 2024
* Adjusted EPS and free cash flow are financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). Appendix A to this Proxy Statement defines these and other non-GAAP financial measures and reconciles them to the most directly comparable historical GAAP financial measures.
thermofisher.com
2024 Proxy Statement
Notice of 2024 annual
meeting of shareholders
Meeting information
Ways to vote
Important Notice
Regarding the
Availability of Proxy
Materials for the
Annual Meeting of
Shareholders
to be Held on
May 22, 2024
The Proxy Statement
and 2023 Annual
Report are available at
www.proxyvote.com.
This notice and the accompanying Proxy Statement, 2023 Annual Report, and proxy card or voting instruction form were first made available to shareholders on April 9, 2024. You may vote if you owned shares of our common stock at the close of business on March 25, 2024, the record date for notice of, and voting at, our annual meeting.
Date & time
Wednesday, May 22, 2024
9.00 a.m. (ET)
Location
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/
TMO2024
Record date
March 25, 2024
Internet
Visit the website listed on your Notice of
Internet Availability, proxy card or voting
instruction form
Telephone
Call the telephone number on your proxy
card or voting instruction form
Mail
Sign, date and return your proxy card or
voting instruction form in the enclosed
envelope
Items of business
Proposal
Recommendation of
the Board
For More
Information
Election of directors
FOR each nominee
Page 8
Approval of an advisory vote on executive compensation
Page 30
Ratification of the selection of the independent auditors
Page 65
Shareholder proposal
AGAINST
Page 67
Shareholders will also consider any other business properly brought before the meeting.
By Order of the Board of Directors,
Julia L. Chen / Vice President and Secretary / April 9, 2024
Please refer to the proxy materials or the information forwarded by your bank, broker, trustee or other intermediary to see which voting methods are available to you.
thermofisher.com
2024 Proxy Statement
Table of contents
Company overview
Shareholder engagement
Corporate governance