corporate social responsibility programs, employee resource groups and corporate giving, highlighted by our response to natural disasters in North America; we made continued progress on leadership diversity
Effectively Execute Capital Deployment Strategy
We exceeded our synergy targets for the Company's 2016 acquisition of FEI; we are on track to meet our synergy targets for the Company's 2016 acquisition of Affymetrix; we closed the Patheon, Finesse Solutions and Core Informatics acquisitions and began integrating them
The Committee judged these goals in the context of the overall goal to deliver on the Company’s commitments to all stakeholders and advance the Company’s position as the world leader in serving science. Taking all of these factors into account, the Committee concluded that actual achievement against the non-financial measures was at a payout of 180% .
The process described above resulted in a preliminary overall achievement calculation of 153.2% of target bonus for executives, including the named executive officers, in the aggregate, as depicted below.
Component
Weight
Payout Factor
Weighted Average
Organic Revenue Growth
169.1%
59.2%
Adjusted Operating Income as a Percentage of Revenue
0.0%
Adjusted Earnings Per Share
200.0%
30.0%
Free Cash flow
200.0%
10.0%
Subtotal Financial
141.7%
99.2%
Non-Financial
180.0%
54.0%
Total Payout
100%
153.2%
The Committee elected this year to grant Messrs. Casper, Williamson and Stevenson, as corporate officers, 153.2% of target. Messrs. Herrema and Durbin were awarded 153.2% and 140.0% , respectively, of target bonus to reflect their contributions to the Company as business leaders, taking into account the performance of the operating businesses which they managed in 2017 .
Page 21
In setting target bonuses for 2017 , the Committee considered the Pearl Meyer Study and concluded it was appropriate to change the target bonuses for certain of the named executive officers as follows:
Name
2016 Target Bonus as a Percentage of Salary
2017 Target Bonus as a Percentage of Salary
Marc N. Casper
190%
200%
Stephen Williamson
Mark P. Stevenson
105%
Patrick M. Durbin
Gregory J. Herrema
In connection with his promotion to Chief Operating Officer of the Company, Mr. Stevenson's bonus target was increased, effective August 1, 2017 to 110%. His target and actual bonus award for 2017 was pro-rated, using the salaries and target bonus percentages for Mr. Stevenson's two positions held during the year.
Following these adjustments, the 2017 target bonus awards for each of our named executive officers ranged from 42% below to 30% above the targeted 65th percentile opportunity, but approximated 96% of the targeted 65th percentile opportunity in the aggregate, as defined in the Pearl Meyer Study.
The target bonus awards and actual bonus awards for 2017 for the named executive officers were as follows:
Name
Target Bonus as a
Percentage of Salary
Target Bonus Award
Achievement Percentage
Actual Bonus Award
Marc N. Casper
200%
2,850,000
153.2%
4,366,200
Stephen Williamson
544,000
153.2%
833,408
Mark P. Stevenson
110%
998,448
153.2%
1,529,622
Patrick M. Durbin
462,000
140.0%
646,800
Gregory J. Herrema
544,935
153.2%
834,840
Stock Option and Restricted Stock Unit Awards
Our equity award program is the primary vehicle for offering long-term incentives to our executives. We believe that equity grants provide our executives with a strong link to our long-term performance, create an ownership culture and help to align the interests of our executives with that of our stockholders. In addition, the vesting feature of our equity grants should further our goal of executive retention because this feature provides an incentive to our executives to remain in our employ during the vesting period. In determining the size of equity grants to our executives, our Compensation Committee considers the peer group information contained in the Pearl Meyer Study, Company and business unit performance, the individual performance of the executives, and prevailing market trends. The Committee also considers the recommendations of the chief executive officer with respect to awards to our executives other than the chief executive officer, and input from other independent directors of the Board with respect to awards to our chief executive officer. The Committee then decides how much of these values should be delivered by each of the long-term incentive vehicles utilized by the Company, such as stock options, performance-based restricted stock units or time-based restricted stock units.
We typically make an initial equity award to newly hired executives and to newly promoted executives to reflect their new responsibilities, and annual equity grants in late February as part of our overall compensation program. Our equity awards have typically taken the form of stock options and restricted stock unit grants. Because time-based restricted stock units have a built-in value at the time the grants are made, we generally grant significantly fewer restricted stock units than the number of stock options we would grant for a similar purpose. All equity grants to our officers are approved by the Compensation Committee. Equity grants for newly hired or promoted non-officer employees are determined and approved by the Employee Equity Committee, which currently consists of Mr. Casper, and cannot exceed 25,000 shares per employee without Compensation Committee approval. The timing of the Compensation Committee meeting in late February is such that the meeting occurs after we have publicly released earnings for the just-completed year. While our cash incentive program is designed to reward executives for meeting near-term (generally annual) financial and operational goals, our equity program is designed to focus on long-term performance and alignment of executive officer compensation with the long-term interests of our stockholders.
Page 22
Typically, the stock options our named executive officers receive as part of our annual grant, promotional grant, and new hire grant processes vest in equal annual installments over the first four years of a seven-year option term, performance-based restricted stock units vest in equal annual installments over three years (assuming the performance standard has been met), and time-based restricted stock unit awards vest in four tranches over three and one-half years at the end of 6, 18, 30 and 42 months. Vesting normally ceases upon termination of employment, except for acceleration upon qualifying retirements, death, disability, and in the case of certain terminations for Mr. Casper (see " Agreements with Named Executive Officers; Potential Payments Upon Termination or Change in Control " on page 36 ). Stock option exercise rights normally cease for officers other than Mr. Casper shortly after termination, except in the cases of death, disability and qualifying retirement. Prior to the exercise of an option, the holder has no rights as a stockholder with respect to the shares subject to such option, including voting rights and the right to receive dividends or dividend equivalents. Prior to the distribution of shares after vesting of restricted stock units (which represent a right in the future to receive shares), the holder has no right to transfer or vote the underlying shares. Generally, holders of restricted stock units have the right to accrue dividends (in the form of dividend equivalents) but do not receive them unless and until vesting and delivery of the underlying shares occur.
Our practice is to set the exercise price of stock options to equal the closing price of our Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date the grant is approved by the Compensation Committee or the Employee Equity Committee.
2017 Annual Grant
On February 28, 2017 , in connection with the normal compensation cycle, the Committee granted stock options, time-based restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units to the named