sustainability priorities:
• We reduced our carbon footprint and finalized power purchasing agreements to accelerate our transition to 100% renewable energy for our U.S. operations
• We increased our greenhouse gas emissions reduction target to achieve a 50% reduction by 2030 for our operations
• Our Foundation for Science supported students around the world with STEM education programs, and we became the title sponsor of the premier middle school STEM competition in the U.S.
• Our colleagues collectively volunteered more than 120,000 hours to advance STEM education and support their communities
Doing business the right way includes doing right by our colleagues. Based on our strong performance in 2022, we reinvested in our team and made two special payments to non-executive colleagues to help offset the impact of inflation. We were also recognized throughout the year for our industry leadership and inclusive culture.
So, once again, it was a great year for Thermo Fisher.
On behalf of our global team, thank you for your support of Thermo Fisher Scientific. We look forward to your attendance at our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on May 24, 2023 at 1:00 p.m. (ET).
Sincerely,
Our financial results in 2022 are a testament to the power of our Mission and the passion of our extraordinary team.”
Marc N. Casper
Chairman, President and Chief
Executive Officer
April 7, 2023
* Adjusted EPS and free cash flow are financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). Appendix A to this Proxy Statement defines these and other non-GAAP financial measures and reconciles them to the most directly comparable historical GAAP financial measures.
Notice of 2023 annual meeting of shareholders
DATE & TIME
Wednesday, May 24, 2023 1:00 p.m. (ET)
LOCATION
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TMO2023
RECORD DATE
March 27, 2023
Items of business
Election of directors
Approval of an advisory vote on executive compensation
Approval of an advisory vote on the frequency of future executive compensation advisory votes
Page 8
Page 28
Page 29
FOR each nominee
EVERY YEAR
Ratification of the selection of the independent auditors
Approval of the Amended and Restated 2013 Stock Incentive Plan
Approval of the 2023 Global Employee Stock Purchase Plan
Page 58
Page 60
Page 64
Shareholders will also consider any other business properly brought before the meeting.
By Order of the Board of Directors,
Julia L. Chen
Vice President and Secretary
April 7, 2023
Review your Proxy Statement and vote in one of the following ways:
INTERNET
Visit the website listed on your Notice of Internet Availability, proxy card or voting instruction form
TELEPHONE
Call the telephone number on your proxy card or voting instruction form
MAIL
Sign, date and return your proxy card or voting instruction form in the enclosed envelope
Please refer to the proxy materials or the information forwarded by your bank, broker, trustee or other intermediary to see which voting methods are available to you.
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be Held on May 24, 2023
The Proxy Statement and 2022 Annual Report are available at www.proxyvote.com.
This notice and the accompanying Proxy Statement, 2022 Annual Report, and proxy card or voting instruction form were first made available to shareholders on April 7, 2023. You may vote if you owned shares of our common stock at the close of business on March 27, 2023, the record date for notice of, and voting at, our annual meeting.
Table of contents
Company overview
Corporate g overnance
Election of directors
Director selection
Active Board refreshment
Board leadership structure
Board committees
Key areas of Board o versight
S hareholde r engagement
Other practices, policies and processes
Contacting the Board of Directors
Accessing our governance documents
Compensation of directors
Director summary compensation table
Executive c ompensation
A pprov a l of an a dvisory vote on executive compensation
A pproval of an a dvisory vote on the frequency of future executive compensation advisory votes