environmental, social and governance (“ESG”) priorities.
• We committed to achieving carbon neutrality by 2050, building on our earlier goal to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 30% across our operations by 2030.
• We enhanced reporting and transparency through our expanded Corporate Social Responsibility report and alignment to multiple ESG reporting frameworks.
• We also continued to invest in our Foundation for Science, extended our support for COVID-19 testing at historically Black colleges and universities, committed to investing $25 million in Black communities and businesses, and supported global health equity through COVID-19 testing donations to India and other low-income countries. These are just a few of the actions we took in 2021 to amplify our social impact.
Inside Thermo Fisher, we continue to build a vibrant and inclusive culture for our colleagues. I’m proud that we are among Forbes’ list of the world's most female-friendly companies and that we’ve received a 100% ranking for LGBTQ+ workplace equality from the Human Rights Campaign for the seventh consecutive year. And once again, Fortune has named us one of the World’s Most Admired Companies.
As you can see, we continue to create value for all of our stakeholders – customers, colleagues, shareholders and communities. We ask for your voting support on the matters described in this proxy statement so we can continue to build our future together. On behalf of all the stakeholders we serve, I thank you for your investment in Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Yours very truly,
Marc N. Casper
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
April 7, 2022
1 Adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) is a financial measure that is not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). Appendix A to this proxy statement defines this and other non-GAAP financial measures and reconciles them to the most directly comparable historical GAAP financial measures.
Notice of 2022 annual meeting of shareholders
Date & Time
Location
Record Date
Wednesday, May 18, 2022 1:00 p.m. (Eastern Time) http://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TMO2022 March 25, 2022
Items of business
Proposals
Board Recommendation
For Further Details