sustainability or keeping people safe in daily life. As we continue to successfully execute our growth strategy, we measure our progress by continuously delivering outstanding financial
performance while ensuring that we create a spectacular experience for our customers and our colleagues. What we do to benefit society truly creates a reason for optimism, and this inspires our more than 75,000 colleagues to bring their best to
work each day and truly make a difference in the world.
We continued our growth trajectory in 2019, strengthening our unique value proposition for our customers and achieving excellent results for our shareholders. Year-over-year, we grew revenue
by 5% to $25.54 billion, and effectively leveraged our top-line growth to achieve strong earnings performance, delivering GAAP diluted earnings per share growth of 27% to $9.17 per share and adjusted EPS* growth of 11% to $12.35 per share.
In addition, we created significant value by being good stewards of capital, deploying $1.8 billion on strategic bolt-on acquisitions, returning a total of $1.8 billion in capital to our
shareholders through share buybacks and dividends, and refinancing $5.6 billion of our debt to generate $80 million in savings annually.
We continued to strengthen our Company to be the best partner for our customers.
Our financial success gives us the ability to invest in our future and successfully execute our proven growth strategy, which consists of three pillars:
Innovating to launch new high-impact products
Leveraging our leading scale in high-growth and emerging markets, and
Enhancing our unique customer value proposition.
We significantly advanced all aspects of our strategy in 2019, and
you’ll find examples highlighted throughout this report. Our Vision for 2030 is our long-term roadmap. And embedded in it is our aspiration to deliver a unique value proposition and sustained competitive advantage through a culture that puts
the customer first in everything we do. Our culture is our most precious resource, and to be the best partner for our customers, we continue to build a team that feels empowered to drive change to meet customers’ evolving needs.
Our culture is also based on continuous improvement and our teams use our Practical Process Improvement (“PPI”) Business System to bring their best ideas forward so they can work smarter
and have the greatest impact. PPI helps us to solve problems and take action to improve quality, productivity and customer allegiance - all of which are necessary to make us an even better company and support our growth.
Bound by our Mission-driven purpose, our accomplishments create tremendous value for all those who have a stake in our success. We ask for your voting support on the matters described
in this proxy statement so we can continue to build on our strong foundation and extend our long track record of outstanding performance. On behalf of the customers that we serve and all of my colleagues, I thank you for your investment in
Thermo Fisher Scientific.
Yours very truly,
Marc N. Casper
Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer
April 7, 2020
Adjusted earnings per share (“EPS”) is a financial measure that is not prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles (“GAAP”). Appendix A to this proxy statement defines this and
other non-GAAP financial measures and reconciles them to the most directly comparable historical GAAP financial measures.
Notice of 2020 annual meeting of shareholders
Date & Time
Wednesday, May 20, 2020
1:00 p.m. (Eastern Time)
Location*
http://www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/ TMO2020
Record Date
March 27, 2020
Items of business
Proposals
Board Recommendation
For Further Details