corporate social
responsibility programs throughout the year
Mergers and Acquisitions
We successfully integrated Life Technologies, with 4.8% organic revenue growth in the
Life Sciences Solutions business and met all revenue and cost synergy targets related to the Life Technologies Acquisition; acquired $200 million in annual revenue through our Advanced Scientifics and Alfa Aesar acquisitions
The Committee judged these goals in the context of the overall goal to deliver on the Company’s
commitments to all stakeholders and advance the Company’s position as the world leader in serving science. Taking all of these factors into account, the Committee concluded that actual achievement against the non-financial measures was at a
payout of 150%.
The process described above resulted in a preliminary overall achievement calculation of 145% of target bonus
for executives, including the named executive officers, in the aggregate. In light of the significant negative foreign exchange environment, the Committee elected this year, upon management’s recommendation, to reduce the aggregate overall
achievement to 120% of target bonus. Accordingly, Messrs. Casper, Williamson and Wilver, as corporate officers, received bonuses of 120% of target. Messrs. Malus, Stevenson and Loewald were awarded 125%, 125% and 120% of target bonus, respectively,
to reflect the performances of the operating businesses which they managed in 2015.
Table of Contents
Page 21
In setting target bonuses for 2015, the Committee considered the Pearl Meyer Study and
concluded it was appropriate to increase the target bonuses for certain of the named executive officers as follows:
Name
2014 Target Bonus as a
Percentage of Salary
2015 Target Bonus as a
Percentage of Salary
Marc N. Casper
Stephen Williamson
Alan J. Malus
Mark P. Stevenson
Peter M. Wilver
Thomas W. Loewald
Following these adjustments, the 2015 target bonus awards for our named executive
officers ranged from 42% below to 32% above the targeted
65 th percentile opportunity, but approximated 101% of the
targeted 65 th percentile opportunity in the aggregate, as
defined in the Pearl Meyer Study.
The target bonus awards and actual bonus awards for 2015 for the named executive officers were as follows:
Name
Target Bonus as a
Percentage of Salary
Target Bonus Award
Actual Bonus Award
Marc N. Casper
2,497,500
2,997,000
Stephen Williamson
431,250
517,500
Alan J. Malus
733,500
916,875
Mark P. Stevenson
859,425
1,074,300
Peter M. Wilver
607,500
729,000
Thomas W. Loewald
510,000
612,000
In February 2016, Mr. Stevenson, the former chief operating officer of Life Technologies and the
President of the Company’s Life Sciences Solutions Group, was also awarded an additional bonus of $504,000 in recognition of his extraordinary efforts with respect to the integration of Life Technologies.
Stock Option and Restricted Stock Unit Awards
Our equity award program is the primary vehicle for offering long-term incentives to our executives. We believe that equity grants provide our executives with a strong link to our long-term performance,
create an ownership culture and help to align the interests of our executives with that of our stockholders. In addition, the vesting feature of our equity grants should further our goal of executive retention because this feature provides an
incentive to our executives to remain in our employ during the vesting period. In determining the size of equity grants to our executives, our Compensation Committee considers the peer group information contained in the Pearl Meyer Study, Company
and business unit performance, the individual performance of the executives, and prevailing market trends. The Committee also considers the recommendations of the chief executive officer with respect to awards to our executives other than the chief
executive officer, and input from other independent directors of the Board with respect to awards to our chief executive officer. The Committee then decides how much of these values should be delivered by each of the long-term incentive vehicles
utilized by the Company, such as stock options, performance-based restricted stock units or time-based restricted stock units.
We typically make an initial equity award to newly hired executives and to newly promoted executives to reflect their new
responsibilities, and annual equity grants in late February as part of our overall compensation program. Our equity awards have typically taken the form of stock options and restricted stock unit grants. Because time-based restricted stock units
have a built-in value at the time the grants are made, we generally grant significantly fewer restricted stock units than the number of stock options we would grant for a similar purpose. All equity grants to our officers are approved by the
Compensation Committee. Equity grants for newly hired or
Table of Contents
Page 22
promoted non-officer employees are determined and approved by the Employee Equity Committee, which currently
consists of Mr. Casper, and cannot exceed 25,000 shares per employee without Compensation Committee approval. The timing of the Compensation Committee meeting in late February is such that the meeting occurs after we have publicly released
earnings for the just-completed year. While our cash incentive program is designed to reward executives for meeting near-term (generally annual) financial and operational goals, our equity program is designed to focus on long-term performance and
alignment of executive officer compensation with the long-term interests of our stockholders.
Typically, the stock options we
grant to our named executive officers vest in equal annual installments over the first four years of a seven-year option term, performance-based restricted stock units vest in equal annual installments over three years (assuming the performance
standard has been met), and time-based restricted stock unit awards vest in four tranches over three and one-half years at the end of 6, 18, 30 and 42 months. Vesting normally ceases upon termination of employment, except for acceleration upon
qualifying retirements, death, disability, and in the case of certain terminations for Mr. Casper (see “Agreements with Named Executive Officers; Potential Payments upon Termination or Change in Control” on page 38). Stock option
exercise rights normally cease for officers other than Mr. Casper shortly after termination, except in the cases of death, disability and qualifying retirement. Prior to the exercise of an option, the holder has no rights as a stockholder with
respect to the shares subject to such option, including voting rights and the right to receive dividends or dividend equivalents. Prior to the distribution of shares after vesting of restricted stock units (which represent a right in the future to
receive shares), the holder has no right to transfer or vote the underlying shares. Generally, holders of restricted stock units have the right to accrue dividends (in the form of dividend equivalents) but do not receive them unless and until
vesting and delivery of the underlying shares occur.
Our practice is to set the exercise price of stock options to equal the
closing price of our Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date the grant is approved by the Compensation Committee or the Employee Equity Committee.
2015 Annual Grant
On February 25, 2015, in connection with the normal
compensation cycle, the Committee granted stock options, time-based restricted stock units and performance-based restricted stock units to the named executive officers. The value of equity to be granted to Mr. Stevenson was approved in January
2014 in connection with the closing of the Life Technologies Acquisition, and his initial employment offer with the Company. In setting grant levels for 2015, the Committee considered the Pearl Meyer Study. The Committee adjusted these amounts
towards the 75th percentile to reflect its interest in focusing on long-term performa