human capital management issues, as demonstrated by its 2020 rulemaking, and Chairman Gensler's public comments about upcoming additional disclosure proposals arid characterization of workforce as a “key asset.” There have been several high-profile derivative suits settled recently, including at Twentieth Century Fox, Wynn Resorts, and Alphabet, alleging boards breached their duties for failing to protect employees from discrimination and harassment, injuring the companies and their shareholders.
In Tesla's 2020 Diversity Equity and Impact Report the Company states, “We insist on equitable practices not just because it's the right thing to do, but because fair processes allow our team members to bring their whole selves to work. We value and include underrepresented communities at all levels of our company.” Nevertheless, there have been numerous news reports and allegations of gender and race discrimination, harassment and retaliation at the Company. In October 2021, a California jury returned a $137 million verdict, including $130 million in punitive damages, against the Company for its racially hostile work environment. It has been reported that most Tesla workers are currently bound by mandatory arbitration agreements, so consequently there is little transparency into the extent of workforce mismanagement.
A report such as the one requested would assist shareholders in assessing whether the Company is improving its workforce management. Civil rights violations within the workplace can result in substantial costs to companies, including fines and penalties, legal costs, costs related to absenteeism, and reduced productivity. A company's failure to properly manage its workforce can damage corporate goodwill, making it more difficult to retain and recruit employees, and jeopardize relationships with customers and partners.
Opposing Statement of the Board
The Board has considered this proposal and determined that it would not serve the best interests of Tesla or our stockholders. Tesla’s goal is to create an environment where people love to come to work every day. We believe that it is essential to provide all employees, world-wide, with a respectful and safe working environment where all employees can achieve their potential. As a result, we do not tolerate discrimination, harassment, retaliation or any mistreatment of employees in the workplace or work-related situations. Our policies and practices are codified in our Code of Business Ethics as well as our Employee Guidebook.
Additionally, in December 2021, we amended our Compensation Committee Charter to explicitly state that the Compensation Committee will review and oversee human capital management practices relating to our employees.
Our commitment to a safe workplace starts with training and prevention. We require every employee to review and acknowledge our Code of Business Ethics and Policy Against Discrimination & Harassment in the Workplace, and they are required to participate in an in-depth and interactive anti-harassment and anti-discrimination training. New employees receive their anti-harassment and discrimination training during new hire orientation. Collectively, this ensures that all employees understand how to create and promote a respectful workplace, assess potential situations sooner and escalate appropriately. ​In 2021, as part of our continued commitment to providing a safe and inclusive workplace we re-doubled our efforts to educate employees and managers as part of our “Respectful Recharge” program, where employees received additional training on workplace expectations, consequences for violating Tesla’s policies and avenues to raise concerns without fear of retaliation.
While our goal is always prevention, reported complaints of discrimination and harassment are promptly investigated and if substantiated, subject to appropriate remedial measures up to and including termination. We have a dedicated team of Employee Relations partners who conduct impartial investigations into employee concerns and support overall positive workforce engagement. We encourage employees to raise concerns internally or externally. An employee can raise concerns or complaints to any member of management, Human Resources or Employee Relations. If they prefer to report another way, the Integrity Line is available to every employee globally, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. The Integrity Line allows employees to report concerns anonymously and without fear of retaliation. Human Resources, together with Employee Relations, will ensure that employee concerns are investigated promptly and impartially in a manner appropriate to the circumstances.
We remain confident in our commitment to creating and maintaining a respectful and inclusive workplace, and the steps we have taken to prevent and address harassment and discrimination throughout our workforce. We believe that our active Board oversight, existing policies and dedicated team effectively address the issues targeted by this proposal.
The Board recommends a vote AGAINST the stockholder proposal regarding annual reporting on anti-harassment and discrimination efforts.
PROPOSAL EIGHT
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING ANNUAL REPORTING ON BOARD DIVERSITY
Stockholder Proposal and Supporting Statement
Racial and Gender Board Diversity Report
Whereas : Our nation's racial reckoning and coronavirus's illumination of vast social inequities has led companies to reevaluate their diversity, equity, and inclusion policies and goals. Board diversity is one important facet, as investors and companies recognize it can be accretive to long term value creation. Board diversity requirements, including Nasdaq's 2021 ruling and California's 2018 legislation, acknowledge the value of racially and gender diverse boards.
Research indicates board diversity is an important lever to increase shareholder value, resulting in higher revenues, higher Return on Assets, a more diverse workforce, enhanced corporate governance, and improved stakeholder relations.
Boston Consulting Group finds companies with greater board diversity had 19 percent higher revenues than competitors.
International Monetary Fund finds substituting one man for one woman on a board is associated with higher Return on Assets.
Credit Suisse finds as the percentage of women on the board increases, so does the percentage of women in leadership.
The University of Toronto finds companies with greater board diversity are less prone to accounting mistakes, business controversies, and poor investment decisions.
Harvard Law research finds companies may be better positioned to recognize and respond to the interests of diverse stakeholders.
In response to this research, 61 percent of investors believe boards “should aim to reflect the company's customer base and the broader societies in which they operate by including directors drawn from racial and ethnic minority groups” (Institutional Shareholder Services).
Tesla does not report its current gender or racial and ethnic board composition, but Tesla's board demographics appear largely disproportionate from its customer base. Bloomberg reports the Board of Directors is comprised of 22 percent women. The demographic makeup of the United States, used here as a proxy for Tesla's customer base, is comprised of 51 percent women and 42 percent minorities.
We believe that a Board of Directors with racial and gender composition reflective of Tesla's customer base and/or regions in which it operates will more astutely minimize business risk, maximize opportunity, and increase shareholder value.
Resolved : Shareholders request that Tesla report annually on its policies and practices to help ensure its elected Board of Directors attains racial and gender representation that is better aligned with the demographics of its customers and/or regions in which it operates.
The report should be prepared at reasonable cost, omitting proprietary information, litigation strategy and legal co