human capital risk. Companies may experience reduced morale, lost productivity, absenteeism, and challenges in attracting and retaining talent. Unexpected changes in leadership after allegations of harassment or discrimination, as has occurred at CBS, Nike, Papa Johns, Uber, Walt Disney, and Wynn Resorts, puts shareholder value at risk.
In contrast, the consultancy McKinsey found companies with high levels of ethnic and cultural diversity are thirty-three percent more likely to outperform in profitability while those in the top quartile for gender diversity are twenty-seven percent more likely to have superior value creation. 4 In a 2019 study by the Wall Street Journal, the twenty most diverse companies in the S&P500 had an average annual five year stock return that was almost six percent higher than the twenty least-diverse companies. 5
It is our understanding that Tesla requires its employees to agree to arbitrate employment-related claims. Mandatory arbitration limits employees’ remedies for wrongdoing, keeps misconduct secret, precludes employees from suing in court when discrimination and harassment occur, and prevents employees from learning about shared concerns. 6
Arbitration clauses face a changing regulatory landscape. In 2019, the U.S. House of Representatives passed a bill banning mandatory arbitration. Attorneys general from every state voiced support for ending forced arbitration of sexual harassment claims. California banned the use of arbitration agreements as a condition of employment and Washington state invalidated contracts requiring arbitration of sexual harassment or assault claims. Other states are expected to follow suit.
Continuing to rely on arbitration clauses when these protections may be removed, with retroactive implications, creates a long-tail risk for Tesla.
Investors’ concerns about non-transparent working conditions, which allow for potential harassment and discrimination, are particularly pertinent to Tesla, which has faced allegations of sexual harassment and racial discrimination. Tesla does not currently report publicly on the diversity characteristics of its staff nor its approach to ensuring workpl ace diversity and inclusion.
https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/statutes/titlevii.cfm
https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/politics-news/poll-64-percent-americans-say-racism-remains-major-problem-n877536
https://www.wsj.com/articles/what-metoo-has-to-do-with-the-workplace-gender-gap-1540267680?mod=ig_womenintheworkplaceoctober2018&mod=article_inline
https://www.mckinsey.com/~/media/mckinsey/business%20functions/organization/our%20insights/ delivering%20through%20diversity/delivering-through-diversity_full-report.ashx
https://www.wsj.com/articles/the-business-case-for-more-diversity-11572091200
https://www.eeoc.gov/eeoc/systemic/review/
Opposing Statement of the Board
The Board has considered this proposal and determined that it would not serve the best interests of Tesla or our stockholders, as its inaccurate and unsupported assertions regarding arbitration and its impact on workplace conditions at Tesla fail to justify the reporting it requests.
First, arbitration does not limit remedies, as Tesla’s standard arbitration provision specifically states that the parties are entitled to all remedies available in a court of law. Second, an employee is free to publicize the results of an arbitration, other than any trade secrets or proprietary business information. Third, arbitration provisions do not impede employees’ freedom to first file lawsuits in court, and arbitration proceedings are private only if such court rules that the underlying claims are subject to arbitration. Finally, the proponent does not clearly state how arbitration prevents employees from learning about shared concerns, but as noted above, employees may generally disclose the results of an arbitration to other parties.
On the other hand, we believe that arbitration provisions are very prevalent among employers for several reasons. Arbitration offers an alternative form of adjudication by an experienced jurist selected with both parties’ participation that is often quicker than trial, especially in jurisdictions where courts are overburdened. Outcomes are also more certain because they may not be appealed absent extraordinary circumstances. While the employer must pay the entire cost of the proceedings, this overall expediency benefits both parties with a fair resolution and a speedier return to their respective priorities without miring them in lengthy litigation. Moreover, we believe employees often seek arbitration to avoid prospective employers being made aware of their claims against former employers, or to avoid a public record of their private information. In fact, outside of the U.S., where Tesla’s offer letters do not have arbitration provisions, many countries use specialized labor court proceedings similar to arbitration to adjudicate employee claims.
Therefore, the proponent does not state convincing support for a correlation between arbitration and harassment, discrimination, or limits on employee grievances generally. In addition, while the proposal makes generalized references to allegations against Tesla, it does not present any specific evidence that harassment, lack of diversity, or non-transparent working conditions are areas of concern at Tesla. The proponent does state that arbitration provisions create risk for Tesla if they were to become legally prohibited, but fails to explain how such a corporate risk of legal non-compliance pertains to the alleged impact of arbitration on workplace harassment and discrimination.
Tesla’s mission is to a ccelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy. Being the world’s first vertically integrated sustainable energy company and a leader in innovation requires a diversity of thought and backgrounds that can be achieved only by maintaining a diverse a nd inclusive workforce. Moreover, implicit in our mission is a mandate to not only follow the law, but to do the right thing. Contrary to the proponent’s vague claims, we believe that employment compliance issues are not an issue at Tesla and, as we have p ledged in our public annual Impact Report, that Tesla has designed our workplace and policies to provide all employees with a respectful and safe working environment by not tolerating any discrimination, harassment, retaliation, or any other mistreatment a t work, whether based on a legally protected status or otherwise. We believe that rather than devote attention and resources to reporting on an issue as to which the proponent has inaccurately characterized the fundamental premise, Tesla, its employees, an d its stockholders would be better served by continuing to execute on tangible workplace goals and our mission.
The Board recommends a vote AGAINST the stockholder proposal regarding reporting on employee arbitration.
PROPOSAL SEVEN
STOCKHOLDER PROPOSAL REGARDING ADDITIONAL REPORTING ON HUMAN RIGHTS
In accordance with SEC rules, we have set forth below a stockholder proposal, along with a supporting statement, exactly as submitted by Sisters of the Good Shepherd New York Province. Sisters of the Good Shepherd New York Province has notified us that it is the beneficial owner of 7 shares of Tesla’s common stock and intends to present the following proposal at the 2020 Annual Meeting through its designee, Mary Beth Gallagher. Sisters of the Good Shepherd New York Province’s address is 25-30 21 st Avenue, Astoria, New York 11105. The stockholder proposal will be required to be voted upon at the 2020 Annual Meeting only if properly presented.
Stockholder Proposal and Supporting Statement
Human Rights Disclosure
Tesla, Inc. - 2020
Whereas : Tesla manufactures and sells electric vehicles (EVs) and energy generation and storage systems. Tesla faces human rights and labor rights risks in its operations and value chain. Investors are unable to determine how Tesla is meeting its responsibility to respect