Sustainability Accounting Standards Board recommendations, as well as EEO-1 data; and
Recommending management proposals in prior years, including at the 2022 Annual Meeting, to reduce director terms and eliminate applicable supermajority voting requirements.
This year, we will be publishing our fifth annual Impact Report with enhanced disclosures across people, environment, product and supply chain. In response to stockholder engagement, we are disclosing additional Scope 3 emissions categories and aligning with the TCFD’s recommended climate-related disclosures. We will also expand disclosures on the culture we continue to build and enhance at Tesla, how we engage and aim to retain our employees, progress we are making on displacing fossil fuels, the efficiency and safety of our products and how we manage risks in the supply chain, among many other topics. For further information, please navigate to the “Impact” page of the Investor Relations section on our website. We intend to publish our 2022 Report by the end of April 2023. Information contained on, or accessible through, our website and in our Impact Report, is not incorporated in, and is not part of, this proxy statement or any other report or filing we make with the SEC.
Our Board’s Commitment to Governance
Our Board believes in maintaining stockholder confidence through, among other things, demonstrating its responsiveness to stockholder feedback and its commitment to corporate governance. Accordingly, to provide an enhanced voice to our stockholders in approving fundamental corporate matters, the Board is committed to enabling the elimination of certain supermajority voting requirements in our charter and bylaws through the process outlined below.
In each of the last four years, our Board repeatedly proposed amendments to our certificate of incorporation and bylaws to reduce director terms and/or to eliminate certain supermajority voting. However, such amendments failed to pass each time that the Board proposed them. Because the affirmative vote of at least 66 2/3% of the total outstanding shares entitled to vote is required to approve such amendments, similar proposals cannot pass unless we achieve such a stockholder participation rate.
In response to not reaching the required stockholder participation rate, during 2022, we took active steps in an effort to increase the participation rate of our retail investors through the development of our Shareholder Platform (discussed below), outreach campaigns, direct mailings, one-on-one engagements and through social media channels. This resulted in achieving our highest stockholder participation rate in the last five years in 2022 of over 63%, though still short of the required 66 2/3% participation rate.
This year, we will again marshal our resources and continue our efforts to further increase retail investor participation rates as rapidly as possible, via events such as our 2023 Investor Day, and with an active communications campaign via our new Shareholder Platform and social media channels encouraging retail stockholders to vote their shares.
Once we have achieved a total stockholder participation rate of at least 65% at a stockholder meeting, the Board will again propose charter and bylaw amendments to eliminate supermajority voting requirements. To the extent that this proposal to eliminate supermajority voting requirements achieves the required threshold to pass, this will unlock a gateway for our Board and stockholders to adopt further stockholder-driven governance actions, including, without limitation, the right for stockholders to act by written consent or to call a special meeting, and the declassification of the Board. Furthermore, as previously discussed, the Board is consistently listening and receptive to taking further governance actions when appropriate.
Shareholder Platform
In 2022, building on our efforts to enhance engagement among our retail stockholder base, Tesla launched our Shareholder Platform. Any Tesla stockholder, regardless of holdings size, can sign up to stay informed about investor-related topics such as quarterly filings and event announcements, and are eligible for selection to participate in in-person access to Tesla events such as the Tesla Semi launch event, AI Day 2, Investor Day and our annual meetings. Tesla has one of the largest retail stockholder bases of any public company. Our retail stockholders are incredibly engaged and tend to have a very strong understanding of the Company, and are an important base of support and feedback for management and the Board. We will continue to build the system to maximize depth of engagement and reach. Our goal is for every stockholder who wants to engage with the Company to have a meaningful framework for interaction through the Shareholder Platform.
10 Tesla, Inc. 2023 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Hybrid Annual Stockholder Meetings
Beginning in 2020, we have conducted our annual meetings both in-person and online through a live webcast and online stockholder tools. Our online format opens up engagement to all stockholders, regardless of the amount of stock owned and geography, and allows our substantial retail stockholder population to hear directly from our Board and management, as well as to submit questions online. At the same time, due to investor feedback and interest, we continue to also host our meetings in-person so stockholders have the opportunity to engage with our Board and management in-person.
Tesla, Inc. 2023 Proxy Statement 11
Table of Contents
M ANAGEMENT P ROPOSALS
P ROPOSAL O NE
T ESLA P ROPOSAL FOR E LECTION OF D IRECTORS
General
Tesla’s Board currently consists of eight members who are divided into three classes with staggered three-year terms. Our bylaws permit the Board to establish by resolution the authorized number of directors, and eight directors are currently authorized. Any increase or decrease in the number of directors will be distributed among the three classes so that, as nearly as possible, each class will consist of an equal number of directors. The Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee will continue to frequently evaluate the optimal size and composition of the Board to allow it to operate nimbly and efficiently, while maintaining new ideas, expertise and experience among its membership.
Hiromichi Mizuno, a Class I director, will not stand for re-election to the Board when his current term ends at the 2023 Annual Meeting. Accordingly, the Board has nominated JB Straubel to succeed Mr. Mizuno as a Class I director. Mr. Straubel joined Tesla in 2004, and spent 14 years as our Chief Technology Officer, where he played a key role in our battery cell design, and engineering and production. Mr. Straubel also led the construction and concept of Gigafactory Nevada and the production ramp of our Model 3. After his departure from Tesla in 2019, Mr. Straubel founded Redwood Materials Inc. (“ Redwood ”), which is dedicated to building a circular supply chain to power a sustainable world and accelerate the reduction of fossil fuels. We believe that Mr. Straubel’s extensive operational experience in senior leadership at the Company, combined with his engineering expertise and passion for cleantech, will make him an important asset in our mission to accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable energy.
Nominees for Class I Directors
Three candidates have been nominated for election as Class I directors at the 2023 Annual Meeting for a three-year term expiring in 2026.
Upon recommendation of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, the Board has nominated Elon Musk, Robyn Denholm and JB Straube l for election as Class I directors. Biographical information about each of the nominees is contained in the following section. A discussion of the qualifications, attributes and skills of each nominee that led the Board and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee to the conclusion that he or she shou