sustainability metrics into senior executive compensation plans, if properly presented (“Proposal Eleven”).
“AGAINST”
A stockholder proposal regarding committing to a moratorium on sourcing minerals from deep sea mining, if properly presented (“Proposal Twelve”).
“AGAINST”
All stockholders as of the close of business on April 15, 2024 are cordially invited to attend the 2024 Annual Meeting virtually via the Internet at http://virtualshareholdermeeting.com/TSLA2024. We will also accommodate a limited number of stockholders in person at Gigafactory Texas.
We are providing our proxy materials to our stockholders over the Internet. This reduces our environmental impact and our costs while ensuring our stockholders have timely access to this important information. Accordingly, stockholders of record at the close of business on April 15, 2024 will receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the “ Notice of Internet Availability ”) with details on accessing these materials. Beneficial owners of Tesla common stock at the close of business on April 15, 2024 will receive separate notices on behalf of their brokers, banks or other intermediaries through which they hold shares.
Proposal Four Notice: For purposes of Section 204 of the DGCL (as defined below), at a meeting on April 16, 2024, the Board determined that the 2018 CEO Performance Award (as defined below) may be deemed to be a “defective corporate act” as defined in Section 204 of the DGCL to be ratified. The date of such “defective corporate act” is March 21, 2018. The Board concluded that the nature of the “failure of authorization” as defined in Section 204 of the DGCL in respect of the 2018 CEO Performance Award was the failure of the 2018 CEO Performance Award to have obtained the necessary stockholder approval due to certain defects in the disclosures in the Company's proxy statement for the 2018 Special Meeting. The Board has approved the ratification of the defective corporate act. Pursuant to Section 204 of the DGCL, any claim that the defective corporate act ratified hereunder is void or voidable due to the failure of authorization, or that the Delaware Court of Chancery should declare in its discretion that a ratification in accordance with this section not be effective or be effective only on certain conditions must be brought within 120 days from the applicable validation effective time. The information contained in this section of the notice is being provided solely for purposes of any ratification pursuant to Section 204 of the DGCL and not for any other purpose.
Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the 2024 Annual Meeting, we encourage you to read the proxy statement and vote as soon as possible. For specific instructions on how to vote your shares, please refer to the section entitled “ Questions and Answers About the 2024 Annual Meeting and Procedural Matters ” and the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability or the notice you receive from your broker, bank or other intermediary.
Thank you for your ongoing support of Tesla.
Elon Musk
Robyn Denholm
TABLE OF CONTENTS ​ ​
Proxy Statement for 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders
Table of Contents
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on June 13, 2024
Investor Outreach and Engagement
Proposal One — Tesla Proposal for Election of Directors
General
Nominees for Class II Directors
Information Regarding the Board and Director Nominees
Proposal Two — Tesla Proposal for Non-Binding Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation
General
Summary of the 2023 Executive Compensation Program
Background and Process of the Special Committee
Proposal Three — Tesla Proposal to Approve the Redomestication of Tesla from Delaware to Texas by Conversion
Proposal Four — Tesla Proposal to Ratify the 100% Performance-based Stock Option Award to Elon Musk That Was Proposed to and Approved By Our Stockholders in 2018
Proposal Five — Tesla Proposal for