human capital management to an independent board-level committee, if properly presented (“ Proposal Eight ”).
“ AGAINST ”
A stockholder proposal regarding additional reporting on human rights, if properly presented (“ Proposal Nine ”).
“ AGAINST ”
All stockholders as of close of business on August 9, 2021 are cordially invited to attend the 2021 Annual Meeting in person. Please read this proxy statement carefully to ensure that you have proper evidence of stock ownership as of August 9, 2021, as we will not be able to accommodate guests without such evidence at the 2021 Annual Meeting.
Due to evolving regulations regarding travel and gatherings, we will announce more specific details regarding check-in procedures for the 2021 Annual Meeting closer to the date of the 2021 Annual Meeting.
We are providing our proxy materials to our stockholders over the Internet. This reduces our environmental impact and our costs while ensuring our stockholders have timely access to this important information. Accordin gly, stockholders of record at the close of business on August 9, 2021 will receive a Notice of Internet Availability of Proxy Materials (the “ Notice of Internet Availability ”) with details on accessing these materials. Beneficial owners of Tesla common st ock at the close of business on August 9, 2021 will receive separate notices on behalf of their brokers, banks or other intermediaries through which they hold shares.
Your vote is very important. Whether or not you plan to attend the 2021 Annual Meeting, we encourage you to read the proxy statement and vote as soon as possible. For specific instructions on how to vote your shares, please refer to the section entitled “ Questions and Answers About the 2021 Annual Meeting and Procedural Matters ” and the instructions on the Notice of Internet Availability or the notice you receive from your broker, bank or other intermediary.
Thank you for your ongoing support of Tesla.
Elon Musk
Robyn Denholm
Although we currently intend to hold the 2021 Annual Meeting on October 7, 2021 and in person, we will continue to monitor public health and travel safety protocols required or recommended by federal, state and local governments. If necessary or advisable to protect our personnel and stockholders, we will change the date, time, location and/or format of the 2021 Annual Meeting and/or require specific attendance conditions or procedures. If we do so, we will publicly announce any such changes in advance, such as through a press release and/or a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
PROXY STATEMENT
FOR 2021 ANNUAL MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS
Table of Contents
Page
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Stockholder Meeting to be Held on October 7, 2021
Questions and Answers About the 2021 Annual Meeting and Procedural Matters
Proposal One — Tesla Proposal for Election of Directors
General
Nominees for Class II Directors
Information Regarding the Board and Director Nominees
Proposal Two — Tesla Proposal for Adoption of Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation to Reduce Director Terms to Two Years
General
Summary of the Proposed Amendment
Reasons for the Proposed Amendment
Proposal Three — Tesla Proposal for Adoption of Amendments to Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws to Eliminate Applicable Supermajority Voting Requirements
General
Summary of the Proposed Amendments
Rationale for the Proposal
Proposal Four —Tesla Proposal for