Sustainability World and North America Indices for the 21 st consecutive
year;
• UnitedHealth Group was recognized by The Human Rights Campaign as among the best places to work for LGBTQ equality in its annual Corporate
Equality Index in 2020;
• UnitedHealth Group was named one of America's Most JUST Companies by JUST Capital and Forbes in 2020. The JUST 100 rankings measure how U.S.
companies perform on issues Americans care about most, including worker pay and treatment, customer respect, product quality and environmental impact;
• In 2019 and for the eighth consecutive year, The Civic 50, a Points of Light initiative that highlights companies that improve the quality of
life in the communities where they do business, ranked UnitedHealth Group one of America's 50 most community-minded companies;
• INROADS, a national organization focused on developing and placing talented minority youth in business and preparing them for leadership,
honored UnitedHealth Group with the Frank C. Carr Award in 2019. The award recognizes corporate partners who exhibit a commitment to the diversity talent pipeline; and
• The 2019 CPA-Zicklin Index of Corporate Political Disclosure and Accountability ranked UnitedHealth Group as a Trendsetter company, the highest
distinction.
1 Adjusted
earnings per share is a non-GAAP financial measure. Refer to Appendix A in this proxy statement for a reconciliation of adjusted
earnings per share to the most directly comparable GAAP measure.
2020 Proxy Statement | Proxy
Summary 1
Table of Contents
Corporate Governance
UnitedHealth Group is committed to meeting high standards of ethical behavior, corporate governance and business conduct. Our company, our
Board of Directors (or the "Board") and our people are committed to the shared cultural values of integrity, compassion, innovation, relationships and performance. This commitment has led us to
implement many governance best practices.
Board Structure and Composition
directors are elected annually by a majority vote of our shareholders. We have a Chair of the Board of Directors and a Lead Independent Director, and nine of our eleven directors are independent.
Our current Board structure separates the positions of Chair of the Board and CEO.
Public Company Board Service Limits
directors may serve on no more than three other public company boards and our CEO may serve on no more than one other public company board.
One Share, One Vote
Company does not have a dual-class share structure. Each share of Company common stock is entitled to one vote.
Proxy Access
shareholder or group of shareholders who have owned at least 3% of our common stock for at least three years, and who comply with specified procedural and disclosure requirements, may include in our
proxy materials shareholder-nominated director candidates representing up to 20% of the Board.
Board Refreshment and Tenure
Since
January 2017, we have appointed six new directors to the Board, five of whom were independent and five of whom are standing for election this year, advancing both the skill and experience
profile of the Board as well as its diversity.
Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") Succession Planning
succession plan, which is reviewed annually by our Board, addresses both an unexpected loss of our CEO and longer-term succession.
Nominating Advisory Committee
Nominating Advisory Committee, comprised of long-term shareholders of the Company and a member of the medical community, provides our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee with additional
input regarding desirable characteristics of director candidates and the composition of our Board.
Absence of Rights Plan
do not have a shareholder rights plan, commonly referred to as a "poison pill."
Shareholder Special Meeting and Written Consent Rights
Shareholders
hold the rights to call a special meeting and to act by written consent.
Prohibition on Short Sales and Hedging Transactions in Company Securities
insider trading policy prohibits all directors, executive officers and employees from engaging in short sales and hedging transactions relating to our common stock, and requires advance approval
of the Compensation and Human Resources Committee of any pledging of common stock by directors, executive officers and other members of management.
Stock Ownership Guidelines
of our executive officers and directors were in compliance with our stock ownership guidelines as of April 7, 2020. Mr. Wichmann, our CEO, is required to own shares equal to eight
times his base salary by the fifth anniversary of his appointment as CEO. As of April 7, 2020, Mr. Wichmann owned shares equal to 172 times his base salary.
Stock Retention Policy
generally require executive officers to hold, for at least one year, one-third of the net shares acquired upon vesting or exercise of any equity award. Our directors are generally required to hold
all equity awards granted until completion of service on the Board, or until they have met our stock ownership requirements.
Environmental Policy
seek to minimize our environmental impact and to heighten our employees' awareness of the importance of the environment.
Political Contributions Disclosure
publicly disclose our political contributions and public advocacy efforts and the contributions of our federal and state political action committees.
the "Corporate Governance" portion of this proxy statement for further information on our governance practices.
2020 Proxy Statement | Proxy
Summary 2
Table of Contents
Executive Compensation
Our executive compensation program uses a mix of base salary, annual cash incentives, equity awards and broad-based benefits to attract and
retain highly qualified executives and maintain a strong relationship between executive pay and Company performance. Shareholders again expressed strong support for our executive compensation program
at our 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, with more than 95% of the votes cast in favor of our Say-on-Pay proposal.
Compensation Program Principles
Enhance the value of the business
Reward long-term growth and focus management on sustained success and shareholder value creation
Pay-for-performance
Standard benefits and limited perquisites
Summary of CEO David S. Wichmann's 2019 Compensation
• Base salary — $1.4 million. • Equity awards — Performance shares with a target grant
date fair value of $6.4 million, restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of $3.2 million and stock options with a grant date fair value of $3.2 million. • Cash incentive awards — Annual cash incentive award of
$4.5 million, which reflects the Company's performance against pre-set goals and continued strong leadership by Mr. Wichmann. • Other Compensation — Company
matching
contributions — $189,139 under our 401(k) and executive savings plan.
Information
regarding compensation paid to each of our named executive officers in 2019 is described in the "