ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, AND GOVERNANCE (“ESG”) DISCLOSURE AND TRANSPARENCY
The disclosures, reports, and actions below were made or taken under Board oversight led by our Sustainability and Public Policy Committee (and, prior to 2022, our formerly titled Nominating/Governance and Public Policy Committee).
Spotlight on Environmental Justice
Environmental Justice Audit Report and Racial Equity Assessment . In February of 2023, we published on our website (i) our 2023 Environmental Justice Audit Report containing the results of an independent audit conducted by a third-party consultant with expertise in social/environmental justice and community assessments, and (ii) a racial equity assessment we commissioned from an independent civil rights expert. The conclusions of the independent environmental justice audit and racial equity assessment were positive with respect to our racial equity and environmental justice disclosures, policies, practices and commitments. See “Proposal No. 6—Stockholder proposal to oversee and issue an additional racial equity audit and report—Board Recommendation and Opposition Statement” for further details.
Environmental Justice Policy Statement . We were one of the first major energy companies to have a formal environmental justice policy and an active environmental justice program. Our long-standing written environmental justice policy statement is included annually in our ESG Report, and is also published and available as a separate document on our website.
Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (“TCFD”) Reports .
• 2022 . In 2022, we engaged HSB Solomon Associates LLC (“Solomon”) to conduct a scenario analysis under the assumptions of the International Energy Agency’s (“IEA”) Net Zero by 2050 Scenario, a scenario that focuses on an extremely ambitious transition to a lower-carbon economy. Among Solomon’s independent conclusions, which are set forth in our 2022 TCFD Report, were that under the Net Zero by 2050 Scenario as applied by Solomon (i) our overall refining portfolio would be resilient under this scenario, and (ii) our strategy of continuing to operate one of the most competitive and efficient refining fleets would be aligned with the net zero goals of the Paris Agreement.
• 2018 and 2021 . We also published a TCFD Report in 2018, applying the assumptions of the IEA’s 2°C demand scenario, and in 2021, applying the assumptions of the IEA’s Sustainable Development Scenario (which is described as a well-below 2°C scenario), and in each case Solomon independently concluded that our overall refining portfolio would be resilient in such a low-carbon marketplace.
Net Scope 3 Intensity . In our 2022 TCFD Report and our 2022 ESG Report we disclose Valero’s 2021 Net Scope 3 Intensity in kg CO 2 e per barrel of company throughput and production (for low-carbon fuels), which compares the GHG emissions from the use of the products we manufacture relative to peer performance. 1
2025 and 2035 GHG Emissions Targets . We have established and disclosed targets to reduce/displace global refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 63% by 2025 and by 100% by 2035, and have disclosed that we are on track to achieve both targets. In 2022, our performance exceeded our 2025 target, which is three years early.
Third-Party Limited Assurance of GHG Emissions Disclosures . Since 2021, we have engaged an independent third party to evaluate and issue an assurance statement on the accuracy and reliability of certain of our GHG emissions disclosures, including our global refinery Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions disclosures. In 2023, we also obtained third-party limited assurance on the accuracy and reliability of our 2021 Net Scope 3 Intensity disclosure. We intend to continue obtaining limited assurance on our GHG emissions disclosures each year.
Third-Party Limited Assurance on GHG Targets . In 2023, we also obtained third-party limited assurance on each component of our 2025 and 2035 GHG reduction/displacement targets, and we intend to obtain such assurance annually going forward.
2022 ESG Report . In 2022, we published our 2022 ESG Report (previously titled our Stewardship and Responsibility Report), which contains new and updated disclosures on a variety of ESG topics, including new and emerging technologies that can contribute to the reduction of GHG emissions of transportation fuels, safety, reliability and environmental matters, community engagement and environmental justice, governance activities, water management and biodiversity projects, environmental performance metrics, physical resilience efforts, our GHG emissions targets, and human capital and diversity and inclusion (“D&I”) matters, among others.
EEO-1 Report . Within our 2022 ESG Report, we again included a report with U.S. employee diversity data and statistics that correspond to our 2021 EEO-1 Report that was filed with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission in 2022. We have committed to providing this disclosure annually going forward.
Value Chain Analysis for GHG Emissions . In 2022, in response to stockholder feedback and engagement, we analyzed our value chain for GHG emissions disclosures. As further discussed in our 2022 TCFD Report, despite reviewing millions of transactions with thousands of counterparties upstream and downstream of our refineries, such value chain analysis proved to be complicated and yielded insufficient data to meaningfully quantify GHG emissions related to the use of the products we manufacture. 2 To address these limitations, we disclosed 2021 Net Scope 3 Intensity relative to peer performance, as noted above.
1 The notes at the end of these reports contain additional information on Net Scope 3 Intensity and peers.
2 The pages near the end of such report contain additional information on our 2022 value chain analysis.
2023 PROXY STATEMENT 1
Table of Contents
ESG AND CLIMATE-RELATED DISCLOSURES AND OTHER MATTERS
CDP Climate Change Questionnaire . In 2022, we again submitted responses to the CDP’s Climate Change Questionnaire. We have committed to responding annually going forward.
SASB Reports . 3 In 2022, for the third straight year, we published our annual SASB Report for current year data that also aligns our performance data with the recommendations of the SASB framework in the Oil and Gas – Refining and Marketing industry standard at the time of such report. We have committed to publishing a SASB Report (within our ESG Report) annually going forward.
Climate-Lobbying Report . In 2022, in addition to again reporting on all trade associations to which we pay $50,000 or more annually, we again conducted a climate-lobbying alignment analysis with respect to certain trade associations with lobbying activities, and updated the climate-lobbying report published on our website. This assessment concluded that these trade associations that conduct lobbying activities are substantially aligned with, or are in the process of being aligned with, Valero’s vision of providing affordable and sustainable energy while reducing GHG emissions.
These ESG and climate-related reports, policies, and disclosures are published on our website at www.valero.com > Investors > ESG > Reports and Presentations. Our climate-lobbying report and disclosures concerning our political engagement, climate-lobbying, and trade associations are available on our website (under Investors > ESG > Political Engagement). These reports, policies, and disclosures, as well as those discussed elsewhere in this proxy statement, are not part of this proxy statement, are not “soliciting material,” are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of Valero’s filings with the SEC, whether made before or after the date of this proxy statement and irrespective of any general incorporation language therein, unless specifically identified in such filing as being incorporated by reference in such filing. Furthermore,