Sustainability and Public Policy Committee are each composed entirely of directors who satisfy the independence requirements of the NYSE. Each member of the Audit Committee also meets the additional independence standards for Audit Committee members required by the SEC.
Independence Standards and Determination. The Board determines independence on the basis of the standards specified by the NYSE, the standards listed in our Corporate Governance Guidelines , and other facts and circumstances the Board may consider relevant. Under the NYSE’s listing standards, a director is not deemed independent unless the Board affirmatively determines that the director has no material relationship with Valero. While the Board considers all relevant facts and circumstances in making its independence determinations with respect to each director, our Corporate Governance Guidelines set forth certain categorical standards or guidelines to assist the Board in making such determinations. A director’s relationship with Valero falls within the guidelines adopted by the Board if it (as applicable):
• is not a relationship that would preclude a determination of independence under Section 303A.02(b) of the NYSE Listed Company Manual;
• consists of charitable contributions by Valero to an organization in which a director is an executive officer that do not exceed the greater of $1 million or two percent of the organization’s gross revenue in any of the last three years;
• consists of charitable contributions to any organization with which a director, or any member of a director’s immediate family, is affiliated as an officer, director, or trustee pursuant to a matching gift program of Valero and made on terms applicable to employees and directors generally, or is in amounts that do not exceed $1 million per year; and
• is not a relationship required to be disclosed by Valero under Item 404 of Regulation S-K (regarding related-person transactions).
The Board has reviewed pertinent information concerning the background, employment, and affiliations (including any commercial, banking, consulting, legal, accounting, charitable, and familial relationships) of our directors, including the fact that some of our directors are directors or otherwise affiliated with other companies with which we conduct business. Following its review, the Board determined that each of our non-management directors and each member of the Audit, Human Resources and Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Sustainability and Public Policy Committees has no material relationship with Valero, and is therefore independent.
2022 PROXY STATEMENT
Table of Contents
INFORMATION REGARDING THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Committees of the Board
Our Board has four committees:
(1) Audit Committee,
(2) Human Resources and Compensation Committee,
(3) Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and
(4) Sustainability and Public Policy Committee.
The committees’ charters are
available on our website at:
www.valero.com u Investors u
ESG u Governance Documents u Charters
Committee Structure/Composition Highlights
Independence . We have four fully independent committees.
Diversity . 75% of our committee chairs, and at least one member of each committee, represent diversity of either gender or race/ethnicity.
Focus on ESG and Sustainability . To help meet the growing importance and attention required by environmental, social, and governance (“ESG”) and sustainability matters, the Board recently formed a Sustainability and Public Policy Committee, which is in addition to the committees required by the NYSE. See the disclosures under “Newly Formed Committee” and “Sustainability and Public Policy Committee” below for further details on the recent formation of this committee and its duties.
NEWLY FORMED COMMITTEE
Following the results of our annual Board and committee evaluation process, in January of 2022, our Board determined that it was advisable to form a five-member ad hoc evaluation committee (the “Ad Hoc Evaluation Committee”) to evaluate and determine whether to enhance and/or reallocate the Board’s committee and oversight structure in light of the growing importance and attention required by ESG and sustainability matters. Given the broad and overlapping applicability and complexity of ESG and sustainability matters, and the increased significance of such matters, the Board determined that it was advisable to have input from each of its then existing committees, as well as the senior leadership of the Board. Consequently, the Board determined that the Ad Hoc Evaluation Committee should be comprised of the chairs of each of the three Board committees existing at that time, our Chairman of the Board and CEO, and our Lead Director.
The Ad Hoc Evaluation Committee held three meetings in 2022, and after diligent evaluation and robust discussion, the Ad Hoc Evaluation Committee (and, subsequently, the full Board) determined that in order to further enhance the Board’s oversight structure and efforts with respect to ESG, sustainability, and other relevant oversight matters, it was advisable to establish a new standing committee of the Board, the Sustainability and Public Policy Committee. Given the growing importance and attention required by ESG and sustainability matters, the Ad Hoc Evaluation Committee (and, subsequently, the full Board) determined that reallocating certain duties to a new committee would enable each of the Board’s committees to direct a level of attention and oversight commensurate with their respective areas of responsibility and help better meet the growing challenges and opportunities posed by ESG and sustainability matters. Thereafter, the Ad Hoc Evaluation Committee was dissolved and no longer exists. See the disclosures under the caption “Sustainability and Public Policy Committee” below for more information.
AUDIT COMMITTEE
Duties and Responsibilities .
The Audit Committee assists the Board in oversight of the integrity of Valero’s financial statements and public financial information, Valero’s compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, with a focus on those with the potential to impact Valero’s financial statements or accounting policies, the qualifications and independence of Valero’s independent auditor, and the performance of Valero’s internal audit function and independent auditor. One of the committee’s responsibilities is also to discuss with management Valero’s policies and guidelines concerning financial risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures, including Valero’s financial risk assessment and management policies.
The Audit Committee is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation determination, retention, and oversight of the independent auditor retained to audit Valero’s financial statements. The committee is responsible for the audit fee negotiations and fee approval associated with Valero’s retention of its independent auditing firm. The Audit Committee annually reviews and evaluates
2022 PROXY STATEMENT 7
Table of Contents
INFORMATION REGARDING THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS
the qualifications, performance, and independence of Valero’s independent auditor, and reviews and evaluates the auditor’s lead engagement partner. In conjunction with the mandated rotation of the audit firm’s lead engagement partner, the committee is involved in the selection of the audit firm’s new lead engagement partner.
Additional duties and responsibilities of the committee include assisting the Board in oversight of the following:
• Valero’s initiatives and strategies respecting cybersecurity and information technology (“IT”) risks;
• Valero’s global compliance program, including approval of Valero’s annual compliance plan and monitoring of the implementation and effectiveness of Valero’s compliance and ethics program in detecting and preventing violations of Valero’s Code of Business Conduct and Ethics; and
• management’s annual assessment of,