corporate responsibility, contributions, and reputation management.
Members of the committee are:
Deborah P. Majoras (Chair),
Donald L. Nickles, and
Philip J. Pfeiffer.
In the past year, Jerry D. Choate and Robert A. Profusek also served as members of the committee (through September 16, 2015). The committee met four times in 2015.
The Nominating/Governance and Public Policy Committee recommended to the Board each director listed in this proxy statement under “Proposal No. 1—Election of Directors—Information Concerning Nominees and Directors—Nominees” as nominees for election as directors at the Annual Meeting. The committee also considered and recommended the appointment of a Lead Director to preside at meetings of the independent directors without management, and recommended assignments for the Board’s committees. The full Board approved the recommendations of the committee and adopted resolutions approving the slate of director nominees to stand for election at the Annual Meeting, the appointment of a Lead Director, and Board committee assignments.
SELECTION OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES
The Nominating/Governance and Public Policy Committee solicits recommendations for Board candidates from a number of sources, including our directors, our officers, individuals personally known to the members of the Board, and third-party research. In addition, the Committee will consider candidates submitted by stockholders when submitted in accordance with the procedures described in this proxy statement under the caption “Miscellaneous—Stockholder Communications, Nominations, and Proposals.”
The Committee will consider all candidates identified through the processes described above and will evaluate each of them on the same basis. The level of consideration the Committee will extend to a stockholder’s candidate will be commensurate with the quality and quantity of information about the candidate that the nominating stockholder makes available to the Committee.
Evaluation of Director Candidates
The Nominating/Governance and Public Policy Committee is charged with assessing the skills and character-istics that candidates for election to the Board should possess and with determining the composition of the Board as a whole. The assessments include consideration of (i) applicable independence standards, (ii) skills and experience necessary for service on the Board’s committees, and (iii) skills and expertise to serve the needs of the Board as a whole.
Each candidate must meet certain minimum qualifications, including:
independence of thought and judgment;
the ability to dedicate sufficient time, energy, and attention to the performance of her or his duties, taking into consideration the candidate’s service on other public company boards; and
skills and expertise complementary to those of the existing Board members; in this regard, the Board will consider its need for operational, managerial, financial, governmental affairs, or other expertise.
The Committee also considers (i) diversity concepts such as race, gender, and national origin, (ii) the ability of a prospective candidate to work with the then-existing interpersonal dynamics of the Board, and (iii) the candidate’s ability to contribute to the collaborative culture among Board members.
Based on this initial evaluation, the Committee will determine whether to interview a proposed candidate and, if warranted, will recommend that one or more of its members, other members of the Board, or senior officers, as appropriate, interview the candidate. After completing this process, the Committee ultimately determines its list of nominees and submits the list to the full Board for consideration and approval.
LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE OF THE BOARD
Our bylaws provide that the Chairman of the Board has the power to preside at all meetings of the Board. Joseph W. Gorder, our Chief Executive Officer, serves as the Chairman of our Board. Although the Board believes that the combination of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles is appropriate in current circumstances, Valero’s Corporate Governance Guidelines do not establish this approach as a policy, and in fact, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles were separate from 2005–2007 and from May 1–December 30, 2014.
The Chief Executive Officer is appointed by the Board to manage Valero’s daily affairs and operations. We believe that Mr. Gorder’s extensive industry experience and direct involvement in Valero’s operations make him best suited to serve as Chairman in order to:
lead the Board in productive, strategic planning;
determine necessary and appropriate agenda items for meetings of the Board with input from the Lead Director and Board committee chairs; and
determine and manage the amount of time and information devoted to discussion of agenda items and other matters that may come before the Board.
Our Board structure includes strong oversight by independent directors. Mr. Gorder is the only member from our management (past or present) who serves on the Board; all of our other directors are independent. Each of the Board’s committees is chaired by an independent director.
LEAD DIRECTOR AND MEETINGS OF NON-MANAGEMENT DIRECTORS
Our Board appoints a Lead Director whose responsibilities include leading the meetings of our non-management directors outside the presence of management. Our Board regularly meets in executive session outside the presence of management, generally at each Board and committee meeting. Following the recommendation of the Nominating/Governance and Public Policy Committee, the Board selected Robert A. Profusek to serve as Lead Director during 2016. He also served as Lead Director in 2015.
The Lead Director, working with the committee chairs, sets agendas and leads the discussion of regular meetings of the Board outside the presence of management, provides feedback regarding these meetings to the Chairman, and otherwise serves as liaison between the independent directors and the Chairman. The Lead Director is also responsible for receiving, reviewing, and acting upon communications from stock-holders or other interested parties when those interests should be addressed by a person independent of management. The Board believes that this approach appropriately and effectively complements Valero’s combined Chief Executive Officer/Chairman structure.
RISK OVERSIGHT
The Board considers oversight of Valero’s risk management efforts to be a responsibility of the full board. The Board’s role in risk oversight includes receiving regular reports from members of senior management on areas of material risk to Valero, or to the success of a particular project or endeavor under consideration, including operational, financial, legal, regulatory, strategic, and reputational risks. The full Board (or the appropriate Board committee) receives reports from management to enable the Board (or committee) to assess Valero’s risk identification, risk management, and risk mitigation strategies. When a report is vetted at the committee level, the chair of that committee thereafter reports on the matter to the full Board. This enables to the Board and its committees to coordinate the Board’s risk oversight role. The Board also believes that risk management is an integral part of Valero’s annual strategic planning process, which addresses, among other things, the risks and opportunities facing Valero.
One of the Audit Committee’s responsibilities is to discuss with management our major financial risk exposures and the steps we have taken to monitor and control those exposures, including our risk assessment and risk management policies. In this regard, our chief audit officer prepares a comprehensive risk assessment report and reviews that report with the Audit Committee. This report identifies material business risks for Valero and identifies Valero’s internal controls that respond to and mitigate those risks. Valero’s management regularly evaluates these controls, and the Audit Com