corporate responsibility, contributions, and reputation management.
The committee met four times in 2016. Members of the committee are:
Deborah P. Majoras (Chair),
Kimberly S. Greene, and
Donald L. Nickles.
In the past year, Mr. Pfeiffer also served as a member of the committee (through July 28, 2016).
The Nominating/Governance and Public Policy Committee recommended to the Board each director listed in this proxy statement under “Proposal No. 1—Election of Directors—Information Concerning Nominees and Directors—Nominees” as nominees for election as directors at the Annual Meeting. The committee also considered and recommended the appointment of a Lead Director to preside at meetings of the independent directors without management, and recommended assignments for the Board’s committees. The full Board approved the recommendations of the committee and adopted resolutions approving the slate of director nominees to stand for election at the Annual Meeting, the appointment of a Lead Director, and Board committee assignments.
SELECTION OF DIRECTOR NOMINEES
The Nominating/Governance and Public Policy Committee solicits recommendations for Board candidates from a number of sources, including our directors, our officers, individuals personally known to our Board members, and third-party research. In addition, the Committee will consider candidates submitted by stockholders when submitted in accordance with the procedures described in this proxy statement under the caption “Miscellaneous—Stockholder Communications, Nominations, and Proposals.”
The Committee will consider all candidates identified through the processes described above and will evaluate each of them on the same basis. The level of consideration the Committee will extend to a stockholder’s candidate will be commensurate with the quality and quantity of information about the candidate that the nominating stockholder makes available to the Committee.
In 2016, the Board amended our bylaws to permit a stockholder, or a group of up to 20 stockholders, that has owned at least three percent of our outstanding Common Stock for at least three years to nominate and include in our proxy statement candidates for our Board, subject to certain requirements. Each stockholder, or group of stockholders, may nominate candidates for director, up to a limit of the greater of two or 20 percent of the number of directors on the Board. Any nominee must meet the qualification standards listed in our bylaws. The procedures for nominating a candidate pursuant to our proxy access provisions are described in this proxy statement under the caption “Miscellaneous—Stockholder Communications, Nominations, and Proposals.”
Evaluation of Director Candidates
The Nominating/Governance and Public Policy Committee is charged with (i) assessing the skills and characteristics that candidates for election to the Board should possess and (ii) determining the composition of the Board as a whole. The assessments include consideration of:
applicable independence standards;
skills and experience necessary for service on the Board’s committees; and
skills and expertise to serve the needs of the Board as a whole.
Each candidate must meet certain minimum qualifications, including:
independence of thought and judgment;
the ability to dedicate sufficient time, energy, and attention to the performance of duties, taking into consideration the candidate’s service on other public company boards; and
skills and expertise complementary to those of the existing Board members; in this regard, the Board will consider its need for operational, managerial, financial, governmental affairs, or other expertise.
The Committee also considers:
diversity concepts such as race, gender, and national origin;
the ability of a prospective candidate to work with the then-existing interpersonal dynamics of the Board; and
the candidate’s ability to contribute to the collaborative culture among Board members.
Based on this initial evaluation, the Committee will determine whether to interview a proposed candidate and, if warranted, will recommend that one or more of its members, other members of the Board, and/or senior officers, as appropriate, interview the candidate. Following this process, the Committee ultimately determines its list of nominees and recommends the list to the full Board for consideration and approval.
LEADERSHIP STRUCTURE OF THE BOARD
Our bylaws provide that the Chairman of the Board has the power to preside at all meetings of the Board. Joseph W. Gorder, our Chief Executive Officer, serves as the Chairman of the Board. Although the Board believes that the combination of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles is appropriate in current circumstances, Valero’s Corporate Governance Guidelines do not establish this approach as a policy, and in fact, the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer roles were separate from 2005–2007 and from May 1–December 30, 2014.
The Chief Executive Officer is appointed by the Board to manage Valero’s daily affairs and operations. We believe that Mr. Gorder’s extensive industry experience and direct involvement in Valero’s operations make him best suited to serve as Chairman in order to:
lead the Board in productive, strategic planning;
determine necessary and appropriate agenda items for meetings of the Board with input from the Lead Director and Board committee chairs; and
determine and manage the amount of time and information devoted to discussion of agenda items and other matters that may come before the Board.
Our Board structure includes strong oversight by independent directors. Mr. Gorder is the only member from our management (past or present) who serves on the Board; all of our other directors are independent. Each of the Board’s committees is chaired by an independent director, and our Board has named a Lead Director whose duties are described in the following section.
LEAD DIRECTOR AND MEETINGS OF NON-MANAGEMENT DIRECTORS
Our Board appoints a Lead Director whose responsibilities include leading the meetings of our non-management directors outside the presence of management. Our Board regularly meets in executive session outside the presence of management, generally at each Board and committee meeting. Following the recommendation of the Nominating/Governance and Public Policy Committee, the Board selected Robert A. Profusek to serve as Lead Director during 2017. He also served as Lead Director in 2016.
The Lead Director, working with the committee chairs, sets agendas and leads the discussion of regular meetings of the Board outside the presence of management, provides feedback regarding these meetings to the Chairman, and otherwise serves as liaison between the independent directors and the Chairman. The Lead Director is also responsible for receiving, reviewing, and acting upon communications from stock-holders or other interested parties when those interests should be addressed by a person independent of management. The Board believes that this approach appropriately and effectively complements Valero’s combined Chief Executive Officer/Chairman structure.
RISK OVERSIGHT
The Board considers oversight of Valero’s risk management efforts to be a responsibility of the full board. The Board’s role in risk oversight includes receiving regular reports from members of senior management on areas of material risk to Valero, or to the success of a particular project or endeavor under consideration, including operational, financial, legal, regulatory, strategic, and reputational risks. The full Board (or the appropriate Board committee) receives reports from management to enable the Board (or committee) to assess Valero’s risk identification, risk management, and risk mitigation strategies. When a report is vetted at the committee level, the chair of that committee thereafter reports on the matter to the full Board. This enables to the Board and its committees to coordinate the Board’s risk oversight role. The Boar