Corporate Responsibility Committee on political and lobbying activities as part of the committee’s oversight responsibilities for the Company’s government relations activities
and public advocacy policies and programs.
– Enhanced Oversight of
Information Security Risk (including Cyber) and Technology Risk. The Board enhanced Audit and Examination Committee and Risk Committee oversight of information security risk (including cyber) and technology risk through the holding of periodic
joint meetings of those committees to focus on these specific risks.
– Updated Code of Ethics and Business Conduct Applicable to Team Members and
Directors. The Board approved an updated Code of Ethics and Business Conduct, effective April 1, 2016, which applies to our team members and directors and continues to reflect our core value of holding ourselves to the highest standards of
ethical behavior.
Board Governance
– Independent Lead
Director
– 14 of 15 director nominees are independent
– All standing Board committees consist solely of independent directors
– Held 9 Board meetings in 2015
– Board meets regularly in executive session
– 96.75% average Board attendance in 2015 at Board and committee
meetings
Stockholder Rights
and Engagement
– Annual director
elections
– Directors elected by a majority of votes cast in
uncontested elections, and by plurality vote in contested elections
Stockholders may call special meetings and act by written consent
Lead Director and senior management participate in investor outreach program with the Company’s largest institutional investors, and during 2015 the Company engaged with institutional investors representing approximately 25% of our outstanding
common stock to discuss a variety of topics, including proxy access, Board composition, director tenure, other current governance issues, and our executive compensation program
Compensation
– Pay-for-performance
compensation philosophy and approach
– Robust stock ownership and
retention policies for our non-employee directors and executive officers
– Prohibit hedging of Company securities
– Prohibit pledging by directors and executive officers of Company equity
securities as collateral for margin or other similar loan transactions
– Multiple executive compensation clawback and recoupment policies
– Independent compensation consultant engaged by Human Resources
Committee
Board Oversight of
Strategy and Risk
– Board oversight of
Company strategy, financial performance, risk management framework, and risk appetite
– Risk oversight by full Board and its committees
– Risk Committee includes the chairs of each of the Board’s standing
committees
– Board oversight and reinforcement of our strong ethics and
risk cultures
– Compensation program designed consistent with the
safety and soundness of the Company and without undue risk
ii Wells Fargo & Company 2016 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Our Board Composition
Our Board’s Governance and Nominating Committee regularly evaluates the size and composition of the Board and assesses whether there is an appropriate balance of experience and perspectives on the
Board. The Board’s succession planning in 2015 and the beginning of 2016 reflected its continued focus on the importance of Board refreshment, the upcoming retirements of directors and succession plans for committee chairs, our commitment to
Board diversity, and recruiting strategies for adding new directors to complement the existing skills and experience of the Board in areas identified in the Board’s annual self-evaluation process. The accompanying charts illustrate the varying
tenure, diversity, and qualifications and experience of our director nominees.
Recent changes in Board composition and committee Chair roles include:
• After 17 years of dedicated service on our
Board, Judith M. Runstad has decided not to stand for re-election and will retire from our Board at the 2016 annual meeting
• Federico F. Peña succeeded Ms. Runstad as Chair of
the Corporate Responsibility Committee and a member of the Risk Committee on March 1, 2016
• Elizabeth A. Duke, an independent director with financial
services and risk management experience, joined our Board in January 2015 and serves on our Credit Committee, Finance Committee, and Risk Committee
• Suzanne M. Vautrinot, an independent director with cyber security
experience, joined our Board in February 2015 and serves on our Audit and Examination Committee and Credit Committee
As a result of Ms. Runstad’s retirement, the size of our Board will decrease to 15 members at our 2016 annual meeting, which is consistent with the size range (14 to 19 directors) of the Board over
the last 10 years.
Wells Fargo
Policy:
Our Board recognizes the importance of an appropriate balance of experience and perspectives on the Board and does not believe
arbitrary term limits are appropriate.
Tenure reflects full years of
completed service.
Wells Fargo Process:
The GNC and the Board consider
diversity in evaluating director nominees.
Gender, race, and ethnic diversity have been, and will continue to be, a priority for the GNC
and the Board in its director nomination process because the GNC and the Board believe that it is essential that the composition of the Board appropriately reflects the diversity of the Company’s team members and the customers and communities
they serve.
Wells Fargo Policy:
Retirement age of 72
Wells Fargo
& Company 2016 Proxy Statement iii
Table of Contents
Item 1 — Election of Directors
The table below provides a summary of information about each director nominee for election at the annual meeting.
Nominee
Director
Since
Principal Occupation
or Affiliation
Principal Qualifications
and Experience
Indep-
endent
Committees
(*Chair)
John D. Baker II
2009
Executive Chairman and Director, FRP Holdings, Inc.
Financial Management; Business Development; Business Operations; Regulatory; Legal
AEC; CRC; Credit
Elaine L. Chao
2011
Former U.S. Secretary of Labor
Governmental Relations; Social Responsibility; Community Affairs; Regulatory; Human Resources;
Governance
Credit; Finance
John S. Chen
2006
Executive Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, BlackBerry Limited
Technology; Information Security; Marketing/Consumer; International; Public Policy; Community
Affairs
Lloyd H. Dean
2005
President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Dignity Health
Business Operations; Regulatory; Social Responsibility; Strategic Planning; Community Affairs;
Governance
CRC; GNC; HRC*; Risk
Elizabeth A. Duke
2015
Former member of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors
Financial Services; Risk Management; Financial Management; Governmental Relations;
Regulatory
Credit; Finance; Risk
Susan E. Engel
1998
Retired Chief Executive Officer, Portero, Inc.
Marketing/Consumer; Technology; Business Operations; Strategic Planning; Business
Development
Credit; Finance; HRC
Enrique Hernandez, Jr.
2003
Chairman, President, Chief Executive Officer and Director, Inter-Con Security Systems, Inc.
Risk Management; Legal; Financial Management; Strategic Planning; Management Succession Planning;
Governance
CRC; Finance*; Risk*
Donald M. James
2009
Retired Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, Vulcan Materials Company
Risk Management; Legal; Strategic Planning; Regulatory; Management Succession Planning;
Governance
Finance; HRC
Cynthia H. Milligan
1992
Dean Emeritus, College of Business Administration, University of Nebraska-Lincoln
Financial Services; Academia/ Public Policy; Regulatory; Risk Management; Legal; Social
Responsibility
CRC; Credit*; GNC; Risk
Federico F. Peña
2011
Senior Advisor, Vestar Capital Partners; Former U.S. Secretary of Energy and Former U.S. Secretary of Transportation
Governmental Relations; Public Policy; Regulatory; Risk Management; Legal; Financial Management; Business
Development; Social Responsibility
AEC; CRC*; GNC; Risk
James H. Quigley
2013
CEO Emeritus and a retired Partner of Deloitte
Accounting and Financial Reporting; Financial Management; Regulatory; Risk Managem