diversity,
equity, and inclusion
Build high-performing teams (for managers)
Forward-Looking Statements and Website and Report References : This proxy statement contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements can be identified by words such as “anticipates,” “intends,” “plans,” “seeks,” “believes,” “estimates,” “expects,” “target,” “projects,” “outlook,” “forecast,” “will,” “may,” “could,” “should,” “can,” and similar references to future periods. In particular, forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements we make about our expectations for our operations and business and our corporate responsibility progress, plans, and goals (including environmental and human capital matters). Forward-looking statements are not based on historical facts, but instead represent our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy, and other future conditions. The inclusion of such statements is not an indication that these contents are necessarily material to investors or required to be disclosed in the Company’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Because forward-looking statements relate to the future, they are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks, and changes in circumstances that are difficult to predict. Actual results may differ materially from our forward-looking statements due to several factors. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from our forward-looking statements are described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We caution you, therefore, against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. They are neither statements of historical fact nor guarantees or assurances of future performance. Any forward-looking statement made by us speaks only as of the date on which it is made. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments, or otherwise, and notwithstanding any historical practice of doing so, except as may be required by law. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking sustainability-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future.
References throughout this document to websites and our reports, including Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2023, are provided for convenience only, and the content on the referenced websites or reports is not incorporated by reference into this document. We assume no liability for any third-party content contained on the referenced websites or reports.
Table of Contents
Letter to Our Shareholders From Our Chief Executive Officer
March 18, 2024
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
We invite you to attend Wells Fargo’s 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on Tuesday, April 30, 2024, at 10 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time. This year’s Annual Meeting will again be held in a virtual format through a live webcast at www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WFC2024 .
At the Annual Meeting, shareholders will vote on a number of important matters and will be provided an opportunity to ask questions. Your vote is important to us. We encourage you to vote as soon as possible by one of the methods described in your proxy materials, even if you plan to attend the virtual Annual Meeting.
Please take the time to carefully read the Proxy Statement, which explains more about the matters to be voted on at the Annual Meeting, proxy voting, and other key information on how to participate. I also encourage you to read our 2023 Annual Report to Shareholders, which includes my letter to our shareholders.
As always, thank you for your continued investment in, and support of, Wells Fargo.
Sincerely,
Charles W. Scharf
Table of Contents
Letter to Our Shareholders From Our Independent Board Chair
March 18, 2024
Dear Fellow Shareholders,
Nearly three years into serving as independent Board Chair of Wells Fargo, I write again to express gratitude to management and to our employees, who continue to transform Wells Fargo into a more resilient, efficient, customer-centric company, one that continues to create value for our shareholders.
As a Board, we recognize the significant progress that Wells Fargo’s management team has made to strengthen the Company’s risk and control infrastructure. This has been and remains Wells Fargo’s top priority, and we as a Board continue to oversee this work closely. We also recognize the Company’s progress in building its business in 2023, beyond this critical work – for instance, growing credit cards, de-risking its Home Lending business, better integrating technology into Consumer, Small and Business Banking, and achieving significant strategic wins in Corporate and Investment Banking. All of this occurred while the company continued to invest in its communities, in its employees, and in technology.
As part of our ongoing and intentional Board refreshment process, we are pleased to put forth a new independent director nominee, Fabian T. Garcia, for election at the 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders. Mr. Garcia brings valuable strategic planning and business operational experience as a senior executive of a global consumer goods company, leading a portfolio of well-known consumer and retail brands. You can read more about Mr. Garcia and our other Board nominees on the pages that follow in this Proxy Statement.
To Wells Fargo’s employees: you are at the center of the Company’s success and progress. Your dedication to customers, to making our business successful, and to seeing our risk and control work through to completion is significant and impressive. Thank you for your work and for the value you bring to the Company.
I also want to thank you, our shareholders, for your continued investment and confidence in Wells Fargo.
Sincerely,
Steven D. Black
Independent Chair of the Board
Table of Contents
Notice of 2024 Annual Meeting
of Shareholders
Meeting Information
When
Where
Record Date:
Tuesday, April 30, 2024,
10:00 a.m., EDT
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WFC2024 March 4, 2024
Agenda
Item
Board Recommendation For More Information
Election of 13 director nominees named in this Proxy Statement
FOR all nominees
page 12
Advisory vote to approve executive compensation (Say on Pay)
page 53
Ratification of KPMG LLP's appointment as the Company's independent registered public accounting firm for 2024
page 103
Approval of an amendment to the Restated Certificate of Incorporation to opt out of Delaware General Corporation Law Section 203
page 108
Approval of an amendment to the By-Laws to remove the supermajority vote standard to amend the local directors provision
page 108
6-13
Shareholder proposals, if properly presented at the meeting
AGAINST
page 112
Consider any other business properly brought before the meeting
How to Attend the Meeting Online
Our 2024 Annual Meeting will be held by remote communication in a virtual-only format, allowing our shareholders to participate from anywhere with internet connectivity.
Shareholders of Record: To attend the Annual Meeting, including to vote and ask questions during the meeting, you must log in to the meeting using the valid control number printed on your voting materials.
Street Name Holders: Please refer to the Voting and Other Meeting Information section of this Proxy Statement for additional information on voting and how to attend the meeting.
By Order of Our Board of Directors,
Emma Bailey
Deputy General Counsel and Corporate Secretary
Your Vote is Important!
Whether or not you plan to attend the meeting, we encourage you to vote your shares prior to the meeting in one of the following ways:
By Internet
Go to t