diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives and human capital management to support management in its efforts to drive meaningful change. Progress in these areas
was evaluated and taken into consideration by the Board and the Human Resources Committee as part of year-end compensation decisions for Charlie and our other executive officers.
The Board and the Company have consistently acted to enhance our governance practices and transparency through disclosures in response to the perspectives of
our shareholders and other stakeholders. The Board’s Corporate Responsibility Committee oversees the Company’s significant strategies, policies, and programs on social and public responsibility
Table of Contents
matters, including environmental sustainability and climate change. The Board and the Corporate Responsibility Committee were actively engaged in the Company’s recent decision to set the
ambitious goal of net-zero greenhouse gas emissions in the Company’s financed emissions by 2050. We continue to oversee and support management in the Company’s increased reporting on important ESG
topics such as the publication earlier this year of the Company’s inaugural Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures report.
Since
becoming Chairman, I have spent a significant amount of time meeting with a number of our shareholders, and I have appreciated the opportunity to hear their feedback about Wells Fargo. We understand that the Company’s performance has suffered
from both the effects of the pandemic and our historical issues. The Board, which has been largely reconstituted over the past several years — including with the addition of two new directors in 2020 with extensive banking expertise — is
focused on helping the Company realize its full potential. We have a diverse group of skilled directors with fresh perspectives and significant experience who are dedicated to the Company’s success.
There is a lot of work ahead, but we remain confident about the underlying strength of our Company’s franchise, the soundness and direction of our
strategy to improve operational and financial performance, and the Company’s ability to achieve our goal of making Wells Fargo the preeminent provider of financial services in the U.S.
On behalf of Wells Fargo, we would like to thank Don James, who is not standing for reelection this year and is retiring from our Board in April following
more than a decade of service. We appreciate his contributions to Wells Fargo.
We are pleased to invite you to attend our 2021 Annual Meeting of
Shareholders on April 27, 2021, at 10 a.m. Eastern time. As in 2020, this year’s annual meeting will be held virtually in order to protect the health and safety of our shareholders, employees, directors, and other meeting participants. We had
more participants and the opportunity to answer more questions at last year’s annual meeting than in previous years, and we again look forward to an informative and engaging meeting for our shareholders.
Thank you for your continued investment in and support of Wells Fargo.
Sincerely,
Charles H. Noski
Chairman of the Board
Table of Contents
Notice of 2021 Annual
Meeting of Shareholders
Meeting
Information
Date & Time
Tuesday, April 27, 2021
10:00 a.m., EDT
Virtual Meeting Access
www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WFC2021
Record Date
February 26, 2021
Items of Business
Elect as directors the 12 nominees named in our proxy statement
Vote on an advisory resolution to approve executive compensation
Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company’s independent
registered public accounting firm for 2021
Vote on four shareholder proposals (Items 4 – 7), if properly
presented at the meeting and not previously withdrawn
Consider any other business properly brought before the
meeting
How to Vote
Your vote is
important! Please vote your shares by proxy prior to the meeting in one of the following ways or log into the meeting using your valid control number in your proxy materials to vote during the meeting. Please refer to page 123 of this proxy
statement for additional voting and attendance information.
By Internet
Visit the website listed in your notice of internet availability of
proxy
materials or your proxy card or voting instruction form
By Phone
Call the toll-free voting number in your voting materials
By Mail
Mail your completed and signed proxy or voting instruction form
By Mobile Device
Scan the QR Barcode on your voting materials
In the interest of the health and safety of our shareholders, employees, and communities and in light of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, our Board of Directors determined that the meeting will be held in a virtual-only format at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WFC2021. A list of our shareholders of record will be made
available to shareholders during the annual meeting at: www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/WFC2021.
By Order of our Board of Directors,
Anthony R. Augliera
Deputy General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder
Meeting to be Held on April 27, 2021:
Wells Fargo’s 2021 Proxy
Statement and Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2020 are available at: www.proxyvote.com .
This notice and the
accompanying proxy statement, 2020 annual report, and proxy card or voting instruction form were first made available to shareholders beginning on March 16, 2021. You may vote if you owned shares of our common stock at the close of business on
February 26, 2021, the record date for notice of and voting at our annual meeting.
Table of Contents
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
This summary highlights certain information contained in this proxy statement. You should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting.
Who We Are
We are a leading U.S. financial services company that proudly serves consumers, small businesses, and middle-market and large companies. We partner with our customers
to help them achieve their financial goals and with communities to make a positive impact.
Our Strategic Pillars
We are continuing the work to build a strong and
consistent foundation. The following are foundational pillars on which we are focused.
Risk and Control Culture
Operational Excellence and Strong Management Team
Customer Centric Culture and Conduct
Technology and Innovation
Financial Strength
Our Leadership and Business
Following our leadership transition, we are
changing the way we run the Company and redefining parts of our culture to be more effective.
Tone from the Top
• We have introduced a flatter organizational
structure , brought in external talent, and provided leaders with clear authority, accountability, and responsibility.
• New Company expectations for all employees provide
guidance on our expectations in order to create a more consistent culture.
Embrace candor
¡ Do what’s right
Be great at execution
¡ Learn and grow
Champion diversity, equity, and inclusion
¡ Build high-performing teams
• Our Board and its Human Resources Committee oversee our
culture efforts and receive reporting from management on our progress.
• We are committed to advancing diversity, equity,
and inclusion (DE&I) in our workplace and the marketplace, including through specific DE&I actions and commitments.
Focus on our Risk and Control Foundation and Resolving Legacy Issues
Our Board remains focused on overseeing management’s efforts to strengthen the Company’s risk and control foundation.
In consultation with the Board, our CEO, Charles W. Scharf, has set clear priorities for the
team and is driving our top priority – to continue strengthening the Company’s risk and control infrastructure and addressing outstanding regulatory matters – with a sense of urgency.
During 2020, the Company announced an enhanced organizational structure to manage risk ,
including five line of business Chief Risk Officers reporting to the Company’s Chief Risk Officer.
We also have made fundame