human capital management, finance,
consumer, business process and operations, and social responsibility matters; adjusted committee structures, charters, and membership; enhanced agenda planning; and worked with management to better focus materials provided to the Board. While the
Board and its committees have experienced much change, we remain focused on responding to stakeholders, enhancing oversight, and creating long-term value for shareholders.
We are confident that Wells Fargo is well-positioned for the future, with the right vision and strategy to achieve our goals. The changes we are making are showing
positive signs. We will continue working to build the most customer-focused, efficient, and innovative Wells Fargo ever – characterized by a strong financial foundation, a leading presence in the markets we serve, focused growth within a strong
risk management framework, operational excellence, and highly engaged team members.
On behalf of our Board and management team, we are pleased to invite you to
attend our 2019 Annual Meeting of Shareholders on April 23, 2019, at 10:00 a.m., Central Daylight Time, at the Grand Hyatt DFW, 2337 South International Parkway, Dallas, Texas 75261. A notice of the meeting and our 2019 Proxy Statement
containing important information about the matters to be voted upon and instructions on how you can vote your shares follow this letter.
Your vote is important
to us. Please vote as soon as possible even if you plan to attend the annual meeting. Thank you for your interest in and support of Wells Fargo.
Sincerely,
Elizabeth A. Duke
Chair
Timothy J. Sloan
CEO and President
Table of Contents
Notice of 2019 Annual
Meeting of
Shareholders
Meeting
Information
Date & Time
Tuesday, April 23, 2019
10:00 a.m., CDT
Location
Grand Hyatt DFW
2337 South International Pkwy
Dallas, Texas 75261
Record Date
February 26, 2019
How to Vote
Your vote is important! Please vote your shares in person or in
one of the following ways:
By Internet
Visit the website listed in
your notice of internet availability of proxy materials or your proxy or voting instruction form
By Phone
Call the toll-free voting number in your voting materials
By Mail
Mail your completed and signed
proxy or voting instruction form
By Mobile Device
Scan the QR Barcode
on your voting materials
Items of Business
Elect as directors the 12 nominees named in our proxy statement
Vote on an advisory resolution to approve executive compensation
Approve the Company’s Amended and Restated Long-Term Incentive Compensation Plan
Ratify the appointment of KPMG LLP as the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm for 2019
Vote on two shareholder proposals (Items 5 – 6), if properly presented at the meeting and not previously withdrawn
Consider any other business properly brought before the meeting
By Order of our Board of Directors,
Anthony R. Augliera
Deputy General Counsel and
Corporate Secretary
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be Held
on April 23, 2019: Wells Fargo’s 2019 Proxy Statement and Annual Report to Shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2018 are available at: www.proxypush.com/wfc (for record
holders) or www.proxyvote.com (for street name holders and Company Plans participants).
This notice and the accompanying proxy statement, 2018
annual report, and proxy card or voting instruction form were first made available to shareholders beginning on March 13, 2019. You may vote if you owned shares of our common stock at the close of business on February 26, 2019, the record date for
notice of and voting at our annual meeting.
Table of Contents
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT
BLANK]
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
This summary highlights certain information contained in this proxy statement. You should read the entire proxy statement carefully before voting.
Our work is guided by our Vision, Values & Goals, which capture the fundamental beliefs of our Company. Our vision is foundational and is clearly focused on acting
in the best interests of our customers to help them succeed financially. Our values express how we go about delivering on our vision, and our goals describe our aspirations and align priorities across our Company. We bring our vision and values to
life through six goals established by our CEO, Timothy J. Sloan, in 2017. We aspire to be the financial services leader in each of those six areas, which are reflected below.
Our Consumer Strategy and How it Aligns with Our Culture
Our long-standing
commitment to understand our customers’ financial needs and to help them achieve their financial goals has been foundational to our business since 1852.
Our Consumer Strategy
We have a single strategy for how we want to meet the needs of our customers, collaborating across businesses to
provide offerings that allow customers to engage with us how, when, and where they choose. We designed our strategy based on customer research, analyzing current businesses in the context of shifting industry dynamics and reviewing competitive
trends. Our strategy is guided by what our customers tell us they want: simplicity, ease, and speed; transparency, security, and control; relevant advice and guidance; convenience and access, wherever and however they choose; and differentiated
value that recognizes their unique needs.
Based on customer input and our research, we are pursuing a three-pronged approach to our consumer strategy. The first is
to elevate the baseline experience for all our customers to meet their rapidly evolving expectations. Second, and building on that work, we are enhancing our focus on defined consumer segments to ensure we meet the unique needs that matter most
today and over time. Third, we are improving core enterprise capabilities to create the necessary operational infrastructure, enabling us to deliver on the other two elements of our consumer strategy.
Our Culture
Creating an intentional, healthy, and
consistent culture, aligned to our values as a company, is central to our long-term success and viability. In alignment with our consumer strategy, we are transitioning to a more customer-centric, One Wells Fargo culture that is guided by our
Vision, Values & Goals, that is clear and consistent, that drives accountability, and which leaders and team members can articulate and live every day. We continue to assess and shape our culture, including by aligning what we say with how we
act, promoting accountability at all levels of the organization, and continuing to measure our progress (see Human Capital Management section starting on page 62).
2019 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Deepening Commitments to our Team Members and Communities and Improving our Customer Experience
Team Members
Our team members are our most valuable resource
and we continue to listen to and invest in them and their well-being in many ways.
• We have a continuous listening program through which we monitor team member
engagement and experience and which includes collecting feedback from team members through pulse surveys, focus groups, company-wide assessments and surveys, and confidential exit surveys and interviews.
• Team
members are the source of some of our best ideas, including ways that we can improve our team member and customer experiences.
• Diversity and inclusion is one of our five primary values and is essential to
our success. Consistent with our core values, we promote diversity and inclusion in every aspect of our business. We are committed to increasing team member diversity and inclusion through inclusive policies and programs that attract, develop,
engage, and retain the best talent, including by paying our team members fairly and competitively.
• We raised the minimum hourly wage to $15 per hour for 36,000 U.S.-based team
members in March 2018. For team members already at or close to the minimum hourly wage, the Company reviewed their pay relative to the new $15 minimum. This additional revie