human capital management experience on our Board
• Took significant executive accountability actions, including forfeitures and clawbacks
totaling more than $180 million
Since our 2017 Annual Meeting
At our 2017 annual meeting, Wells Fargo shareholders sent the entire Board a clear message. The Board heard that message and since that time
took a number of additional actions in response, including:
• Elected Betsy Duke as independent Chair, effective January 1, 2018
• Engaged in a
thoughtful Board refreshment process while maintaining an appropriate balance of new perspectives and experience on the Board
• Elected 4 new independent directors (Juan Pujadas, Celeste Clark, Ted Craver, and Maria
Morris) who further enhanced financial services, risk management, technology, human capital management, finance and accounting, corporate responsibility, and regulatory experience on our Board; i n total, the Board elected 6 new directors
in 2017 who bring relevant experience consistent with the Company’s strategy and risk profile
• Changed the leadership and composition of key Board committees, including the Risk
Committee and Governance and Nominating Committee
• Reconstituted the Risk Committee to, among other things, include 4 members with experience identifying, assessing, and managing risk exposures of large, financial firms as provided in the Federal Reserve’s
Enhanced Prudential Standards for large U.S. bank holding companies
• Continued its focus on the importance of maintaining Board diversity (both
gender and ethnic) ; 3 of the 6 new directors elected by our Board in 2017 are women and 2 of those new directors elected are ethnically diverse
iv Wells Fargo &
Company 2018 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
ENHANCEMENTS TO BOARD RISK OVERSIGHT
A priority of the Board has been and continues to be enhancing its oversight of risk, including
through changes to the Board’s corporate governance framework and committee oversight responsibilities.
The Board has reviewed committee responsibilities and amended committee charters to sharpen focus and reduce duplication in the Board’s risk oversight, including relating to conduct risk, compliance risk,
operational risk, information security/cyber risk, and technology risk.
The Chair and Board committee chairs are working closely with management to set and approve meeting agendas and improve information flow and management’s reporting and analysis to the Board.
Board Oversight
Strategic plans, risk tolerance, risk management framework, and financial performance
CEO and other senior management performance, accountability, and succession planning
Board composition, governance structure, and practices
Board and committee meeting agendas and schedules and the information flow to the Board
Stature and independence of the Company’s independent risk management (including compliance), legal, and internal audit functions
Company culture of ethics, compliance, and risk management
Committee
Key Changes to Oversight Responsibilities
Risk
• Consolidated
oversight of Corporate Risk and enterprise-wide risk management activities under the Risk Committee
• Established 2 subcommittees of the Risk Committee to provide more focused
oversight of:
1. Compliance risk, and
2. Technology, information security, and cyber risk as well as data governance and
management
• Oversees the activities of the Company’s Conduct
Management Office (includes complaints, internal investigations, ethics, allegations, and sales practices oversight)
Governance
Nominating
• Continues to
oversee Board-level governance matters, including Board and committee composition
• Oversees our business standards review and report as discussed in this proxy
statement
Human
Resources
• Enhanced
oversight responsibilities include human capital management, culture, and ethics
• Continues to oversee our incentive compensation risk management program
which was expanded to include a broader population of team members and incentive plans
Audit and Examination
• Focused
oversight on financial performance and reporting, the Company’s independent registered public accounting firm, our internal audit function, and regulatory activities
Corporate Responsibility
• Focused
oversight on significant social and public responsibility matters of interest to the Company and its stakeholders and the Company’s relationships with its stakeholders
Finance
• Consolidated
oversight of resolution and recovery planning under the Finance Committee
Credit
• Continues to
oversee credit risk and related matters
Wells Fargo &
Company 2018 Proxy Statement v
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
OUR DIRECTOR NOMINEES
Our Board recommends that you vote FOR each of
these director nominees for a one-year term
John D.
Baker II
Independent
Celeste A.
Clark
Independent
Theodore F.
Craver, Jr.
Independent
Elizabeth A.
(“Betsy”) Duke
Independent Chair
Executive Chairman and
CEO, FRP Holdings, Inc.
Age: 69 Director Since: 2009
Committees: AEC, CRC, CC *
Other Public Boards:
Principal, Abraham Clark Consulting, LLC; retired Sr. VP, Global Public Policy and External Relations, and Chief Sustainability Officer, Kellogg
Company
Age: 64 Director Since: 2018
Committees: CRC, CC
Other
Public Boards: 1
Retired Chairman, President, and CEO, Edison International
Age: 66 Director Since: 2018
Committees: AEC, FC +
Other Public Boards: 1
Former member of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors
Age: 65 Director Since: 2015
Committees: CC, FC, GNC, RC
Other
Public Boards: 0
Donald M.
James
Independent
Maria R.
Morris
Independent
Karen B.
Peetz
Independent
Juan A.
Pujadas
Independent
Retired Chairman and CEO,
Vulcan Materials Company
Age: 69 Director Since: 2009
Committees: FC, GNC*, HRC
Other Public Boards: 1
Retired Executive Vice
President and head
of Global
Employee Benefits business,
MetLife, Inc.
Age: 55 Director Since: 2018
Committees: HRC, RC
Other
Public Boards: 1
Retired President, The Bank of
New York
Mellon Corporation
Age: 62 Director Since: 2017
Committees: FC, HRC, RC*
Other
Public Boards: 1
Retired Principal,
PricewaterhouseCoopers
LLP,
and former Vice Chairman,
Global
Advisory Services, PwC
Intl.
Age: 56 Director Since: 2017
Committees: CC, FC, RC
Other Public Boards: 0
James H.
Quigley
Independent
Ronald L.
Sargent
Independent
Timothy J.
Sloan
CEO & President
Suzanne M.
Vautrinot
Independent
CEO Emeritus and a retired
Partner of Deloitte
Age: 66 Director Since: 2013
Committees :
AEC*, CC, RC
Other Public Boards: 2
Retired Chairman and
CEO, Staples, Inc.
Age: 62 Director Since: 2017
Committees : AEC, GNC, HRC +
Other Public Boards: 2
CEO and President,
Wells Fargo & Company
Age: 57 Director Since: 2016
Committees: None
Other
Public Boards: 0
President, Kilovolt
Consulting Inc.; Major General (retired), U.S. Air Force
Age:
58 Director Since: 2015
Committees: CRC + , CC, RC
Other Public Boards: 2
Audit and Examination Committee
Finance Committee
Human Resources Committee
Corporate Responsibility Committee
Governance and Nominating Committee
Risk Committee
Credit Committee
Committee Chair
Successor as Committee Chair, effective April 24, 2018
Key Facts about our Director Nominees
independent
Average
tenure
< 3 years
independent
directors
since 2015
women
ethnically
diverse
independent director nominees have
financial
services
experience
have
experience
vi Wells Fargo &
Company 2018 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Proxy Summary
BOARD QUALIFICATIONS AND EXPERIENCE
The following chart reflects areas of qualifications and experience that our Board views as important when evaluating director nominees. The GNC and our Board believe
that each director nominee brings to our Board his or her own unique background and range of expertise, knowledge, and experience, including as a result of his or her valued service on our Board and its committees, that provide our Board as a whole
with an appropriate and diverse mix of qualifications, skills, and attributes necessary for our Board to fulfill its oversight responsibility