sustainability, and investor perspectives, to their oversight of ExxonMobil’s strategy and plans.
>90%
of current directors are
independent based on NYSE and our additional standards
Additional Information
Director oversight
Page 22
Director qualifications
Page 24
Director tenure
Page 31
2024 Proxy Statement
Strategy delivered industry-leading results in 2023
Earnings
$36 billion
Shareholder
distributions
>$32 billion
Cash flow from
operations
$55 billion
Upstream production
>18% growth
from Guyana and Permian, expanding low-cost-of-supply production
Refining
capacity
250 kbd
expansion at refinery in Beaumont, Texas, contributed to record throughput 1
Performance
chemical capacity
750 kta
expansion in Baytown, Texas, growing volume and improving product mix
Strategic Priorities
ExxonMobil uses its industry-leading competitive advantages to provide innovative solutions that meet society’s evolving needs, advance broader stakeholder objectives, and provide long-term shareholder value. To do this consistently over the long term, we must focus on five key priorities.
Leading performance
Industry-leading performance in shareholder returns, earnings and cash flow growth, safety, reliability, emissions intensity, and cost and capital efficiency.
Essential partner
Creating win-win solutions for our customers, partners, and broader stakeholders.
Advantaged portfolio
Developing and deploying a portfolio of lower-emission assets and products that outperform competition and grow value across a range of price environments.
Innovative solutions
Providing new products, approaches, and technologies to improve competitiveness and accelerate large-scale deployments.
Meaningful development
Maintaining an organization with world-class talent by attracting the best people and providing unrivaled opportunities for personal and professional growth.
Investing to increase supply and reduce emissions
ExxonMobil continues to invest to help solve both sides of the “and” equation, with investments of $23 billion to $25 billion expected in 2024 to grow its portfolio of advantaged, low-cost-of-supply assets, further shift product mix to higher-value, higher-margin performance products, and reduce emissions.
In addition to the approximately $5 billion all-stock Denbury acquisition, ExxonMobil is pursuing more than $20 billion in lower-emission investments from 2022 through 2027. About 50% of these investments are targeted at reducing emissions from operated assets, with the balance going toward reducing the emissions of others.
Table of Contents
ITEM 2 – Ratification of Independent Auditors
The Board recommends you vote FOR this proposal.
The ExxonMobil Audit Committee has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) to audit ExxonMobil’s financial statements for 2024.
Page 43
Additional information
about the Audit Committee’s appointment of PwC
and PwC’s fees for
2022 and 2023
You are asked to ratify that appointment.
ITEM 3 – Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation
The Board recommends you vote FOR this proposal.
ExxonMobil asks you to vote on a non-binding resolution to approve the compensation of the Named Executive Officers.
Page 46
Additional information about ExxonMobil’s compensation
program
ITEMS 4 through 7 – Shareholder Proposals
The Board recommends you vote AGAINST each of these proposals.
You will have the opportunity to vote on shareholder proposals submitted to ExxonMobil.
Page 79
The text of these proposals, the proponents’ statements in support, and ExxonMobil’s responses
Highest annual global refinery throughput (2000-2023) since Exxon and Mobil Merger in 1999, based on current refinery circuit.
2024 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
GENERAL INFORMATION
Who May Vote
Shareholders of ExxonMobil, as recorded in our stock register on April 3, 2024, may vote at the meeting according to the instructions below.
How to Vote
Your vote is important. We recommend you vote by proxy even if you plan to participate in the virtual meeting. You may vote at the annual meeting according to the instructions below or by proxy.
In Appreciation for Your Vote
ExxonMobil will make a $1 charitable donation to Khan Academy ® in appreciation of every retail shareholder account that votes prior to or at the meeting.
Khan Academy is a nonprofit organization working to provide a free, world-class education for anyone, anywhere. Khan Academy, Inc. offers practice exercises, instructional videos, and a personalized learning dashboard that empower learners of all ages to study at their own pace in and outside of the classroom. Their offerings help students succeed in math, science, computing, economics, and more, including test preparation (SAT, LSAT, and more). All Khan Academy content is available for free at www.khanacademy.org. Khan Academy also empowers teachers by providing classroom insights and detailed student profiles that help identify gaps in student learning and provide tailored instruction. Millions of students from all over the world, each with their own unique story, learn at their own pace on Khan Academy every single day.
How Proxies Work
ExxonMobil’s Board of Directors is asking for your proxy. Giving us your proxy means you authorize us to vote your shares at the meeting in the manner you direct on the proxy card from the Board of Directors.
If your shares are held in your name, you can vote by proxy in one of three convenient ways:
Online
Follow the instructions at
envisionreports.com/xom .
You will need to have your
proxy card or Notice of Internet Availability (Notice) in hand.
Telephone
Call toll-free
1-800-652-8683 or
1-781-575-2300 (outside the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico),
and follow the instructions.
You will need to have your
proxy card or Notice in hand.
Mail
Complete, sign, date, and return your
proxy card in the enclosed
envelope. If you receive a Notice and
would like to vote by mail, please
follow the instructions in the Notice
to obtain paper proxy materials.
If you give us your signed proxy but do not specify how to vote, we will vote your shares as follows:
For the election of all director candidates nominated by the ExxonMobil Board;
For