climate change.
We look forward to sharing more with you at our Annual Shareholder Meeting. Thank you for investing in ExxonMobil.
Board of Directors
Kenneth C. Frazier
Lead Director,
Exxon Mobil Corporation
Dear Fellow Shareholders:
As ExxonMobil’s Lead
Director, I am proud of the progress the Company has made to build shareholder value and further its leadership in the energy transition.
In 2021, five new
directors joined the Board, adding to its existing diverse skillsets and leadership with additional expertise in energy, business transition, and capital allocation.
The Board is highly engaged in future business planning and focused on ensuring the Company tests its assumptions, consistently challenges conventional thinking, and
pursues high-value solutions. The perspectives of all our members are helping inform the Company’s strategy, strengthen our competitive position, and maximize shareholder returns.
As a Board, we support the Company’s pursuit of industry leadership across a variety of key metrics, including in the advancement of lower-emission opportunities.
The progress to date has been impressive. The Company delivered industry-leading results in 2021 while competitively positioning itself for the future. It announced a Scope 1 and 2 net-zero ambition by 2050
and is building asset-level emission-reduction roadmaps to achieve this goal. It is significantly increasing investments in lower-emission initiatives, which will help accelerate opportunities in its Low Carbon Solutions business and drive
accelerated greenhouse gas emission reductions.
The Board’s goal is to ensure ExxonMobil is successful across a wide range of scenarios, at the forefront of
industry innovation, and positioned to deliver leading shareholder value into the future. The Company’s results demonstrate alignment with this goal and help position ExxonMobil to succeed in an evolving energy landscape.
Thank you for the trust you’ve placed in the Board and in ExxonMobil.
Table of Contents
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page
PROXY SUMMARY
GENERAL INFORMATION
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Item 1 – Election of Directors
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
DIRECTOR COMPENSATION
CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS
DIRECTOR AND EXECUTIVE OFFICER STOCK OWNERSHIP