Climate Change Policies
Item 13 – Report Reserve Replacements in BTUs
Item 14 – Report on Hydraulic Fracturing
Additional Information
Directions to 2016 Annual Meeting
Table of Contents
GENERAL INFORMATION
Who May Vote
Shareholders of ExxonMobil, as recorded in our stock register
on April 6, 2016, may vote at the meeting.
How to Vote
You may
vote in person at the meeting or by proxy. We recommend you vote by proxy even if you plan to attend the meeting. You can always change your vote at the meeting.
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholder Meeting to be held on May 25, 2016
The 2016 Proxy Statement, 2015 Summary Annual Report, and 2015 Financial Statements are available at www.edocumentview.com/xom.
Notice and Access
This year we have elected to distribute proxy materials to
many shareholders via the Internet under the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (SEC’s) “Notice and Access” rules, thereby capturing cost and environmental benefits. On or about April 13, 2016, we mailed a Notice Regarding
the Availability of Proxy Materials (“Notice”) that contains information about our 2016 Annual Shareholders Meeting and instructions on how to view all proxy materials on the Internet. Also included are instructions on how to vote and how
to request a paper or e-mail copy of the proxy materials.
Electronic Delivery of Proxy Statement and Annual Report Documents
For shareholders receiving proxy materials by mail, you can elect to receive an e-mail in the future that will provide electronic links to these documents. Opting to
receive your proxy materials online will save the Company the cost of producing and mailing documents to your home or business, and will also give you an electronic link to the proxy voting site.
Shareholders of Record: If you vote on the Internet at www.investorvote.com/exxonmobil , simply follow the prompts for enrolling in the electronic proxy delivery service. You may enroll in the
electronic proxy delivery service at any time in the future by going directly to www.computershare.com/exxonmobil . You may also revoke an electronic delivery election at this site at any time.
Beneficial Shareholders: If you hold your shares in a brokerage account, you may also have the opportunity to receive copies of the proxy materials electronically. Please check the information provided in the
proxy materials mailed to you by your bank or broker regarding the availability of this service.
How Proxies Work
ExxonMobil’s Board of Directors is asking for your proxy. Giving us your proxy means you authorize us to vote your shares at the meeting in the manner you direct.
If your shares are held in your name, you can vote by proxy in one of three convenient ways:
Via Internet: Go to www.investorvote.com/exxonmobil and follow the instructions. You will need to have your proxy card or Notice in hand. At this website, you can elect to access future proxy statements
and annual reports via the Internet.
By Telephone: Call toll-free 1-800-652-8683 or 1-781-575-2300 (outside the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico), and follow the instructions. You will need to have your proxy card or Notice in hand.
In Writing: Complete, sign, date, and return your proxy card in the enclosed envelope. If you receive a Notice and would like to vote in writing, please follow the instructions in the Notice to obtain paper proxy
materials.
Table of Contents
Your proxy card covers all shares registered in your name and shares held in your Computershare Investment Plan
account. If you own shares in the ExxonMobil Savings Plan for employees and retirees, your proxy card also covers those shares.
If you give us your signed proxy
but do not specify how to vote, we will vote your shares as follows:
FOR the election of our director candidates;
FOR