Climate Change Board Committee
Item 8 – Report on Risks of Gulf Coast Petrochemical Investments
Item 9– Report on Political Contributions
Item 10 – Report on Lobbying
PAY RATIO
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION
DIRECTIONS TO 2019 ANNUAL MEETING
Table of Contents
PROXY SUMMARY AND VOTING MAP
Shareholders are asked to consider the materials included in this proxy statement and to vote on the following:
ITEM 1
Election of Directors
The Board recommends you vote FOR each of the following candidates.
The Board of Directors has nominated the director candidates below.
All of our nominees currently serve as ExxonMobil directors.
All director
nominees have stated that they are willing to serve if elected.
Personal information about each nominee is provided beginning on page 19.
Name, Age
Director
Since
ExxonMobil
Board Committees
Other Public
Company Boards
PICC
Susan K. Avery, 69
President Emerita, Woods Hole
Oceanographic
Institution
2017
None
Angela F. Braly, 57
Former Chairman of the Board,
President, and
CEO, WellPoint (now Anthem)
2016
Brookfield Asset
Management; Lowe’s;
Procter & Gamble
Ursula M. Burns, 60
Chairman of the Board and CEO,
VEON
2012
Nestlé;
VEON
Kenneth C. Frazier, 64
Chairman of the Board, President,
and CEO,
Merck & Co.
2009
Merck
Steven A. Kandarian, 67
Chairman of the Board, President,
and CEO,
MetLife
2018
MetLife;
AECOM
Douglas R. Oberhelman, 66
Former Chairman of the
Board and CEO,
Caterpillar
2015
Bombardier
Samuel J. Palmisano, 67
Former Chairman of the Board,
President, and
CEO, IBM
2006
American Express
Steven S Reinemund, 71 PD
Former Chairman of the Board and
CEO,
PepsiCo
2007
GS Acquisition
Holdings; Marriott;
Walmart
William C. Weldon, 70
Former Chairman of the Board and
CEO,
Johnson & Johnson
2013
CVS Caremark;
JPMorgan Chase
Darren W. Woods, 54 C
Chairman of the Board and CEO,
Exxon Mobil Corporation
2016
None
Chairman
Audit Committee
Finance Committee
Presiding Director
Compensation Committee
PICC
Public Issues and Contributions Cmt.
Member
Board Affairs Committee
Executive Committee
2019 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
Director Attendance
During 2018, the ExxonMobil Board met nine times. Directors, on average, attended approximately 99 percent of Board and committee meetings during 2018. No director
attended less than 75 percent of such meetings. ExxonMobil’s non-employee directors held seven executive sessions in 2018.
Board meetings
during 2018
Director average
attendance
Board Highlights
The ExxonMobil Board is comprised of directors with a diverse mix of backgrounds, knowledge, and skills.
“ExxonMobil recognizes the strength and effectiveness of the Board reflects the balance, experience, and diversity of the individual
directors; their commitment; and importantly, the ability of directors to work effectively as a group in carrying out their responsibilities. ExxonMobil seeks candidates with diverse backgrounds who possess knowledge and skills in areas of
importance to the Corporation.”
– ExxonMobil Director Selection Guidelines
Board Tenure
The Board actively refreshes its
membership, reflected in an average tenure for non-employee directors that is lower than the applicable Standard & Poor’s 500 average of 8.1 years.
Average tenure of non-
employee directors
ExxonMobil’s director competencies/profiles include:
Risk Management
10 of 10 Directors
Large/Complex Organizations
10 of 10 Directors
Scientific/Technical/Research
7 of 10 Directors
Current/Former CEO/Field
Prominence
10 of 10 Directors
Gender Diversity
3 of 10 Directors
Race/Ethnic Diversity
2 of 10 Directors
Independence
9 of 10 Directors
Additional information about director
leadership and oversight can be found beginning on page 7 .
Additional information about director
qualifications and competencies can be found beginning on page 9 .
Additional information about director
tenure can be found on page 12 .
2019 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
ITEM 2
Ratification of Independent Auditors
The Board recommends you vote FOR this
proposal.
The Audit Committee has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (“PwC”)
to audit ExxonMobil’s financial statements for 2019.
Additional information about the Audit
Committee’s appointment of PwC and PwC’s fees for 2017 and 2018 can be found beginning on page 27 .
You are asked to ratify that appointment.
ITEM 3
Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation
The Board recommends you vote FOR this proposal.
ExxonMobil asks you to vote on a
non-binding resolution to approve the compensation of the Named Executive Officers.
Additional information about ExxonMobil’s
compensation program can be found beginning on page 30 .
ITEMS 4 through 10
Shareholder Proposals
The Board recommends you vote
AGAINST each of these proposals.
You will have the opportunity to vote on shareholder proposals submitted to
ExxonMobil.
The text of these proposals, the proponents’
statements in support, and ExxonMobil’s responses can be found beginning on page 58 .
2019 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
GENERAL INFORMATION
Who May Vote
Shareholders of ExxonMobil, as recorded in our stock register
on April 3, 2019, may vote at the meeting.
How to Vote
You may
vote in person at the meeting or by proxy. We recommend you vote by proxy even if you plan to attend the meeting. You can always change your vote at the meeting.
Important Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials for the Shareholders Meeting to be held on May 29, 2019:
The 2019 Proxy Statement, 2018 Summary Annual Report, and 2018 Financial Statements are available at www.edocumentview.com/xom.
Notice and Access
We distribute proxy
materials to many shareholders via the Internet under the Securities and Exchange Commission’s (“SEC’s”) “Notice and Access” rules, thereby capturing cost and environmental benefits. On or about April 11, 2019, we
mailed a Notice Regarding the Availability of Proxy Materials (“Notice”) that contains information about our 2019 annual shareholders meeting and instructions on how to view all proxy materials on the Internet. Also included are
instructions on how to vote and how to request a paper or e-mail copy of the proxy materials.
Electronic Delivery of
Proxy Statement and Annual Report Documents
For shareholders receiving proxy materials by mail, you can elect to receive an
e-mail in the future that will provide electronic links to these documents. Opting to receive your proxy materials online will save the Company the cost of producing and mailing documents to your home or
business, and will also give you an electronic link to the proxy voting site.
Shareholders of Record: If you vote on the Internet at www.investorvote.com/exxonmobil, simply follow the
prompts for enrolling in the electronic proxy delivery service. You may enroll in the electronic proxy delivery service at any time in the future by going directly to www.computershare.com/exxonmobil . You may also revoke an electronic
delivery election at this site at any time.
Beneficial Shareholders: If you hold your shares in a brokerage account, you may also have the opportunity to
receive copies of the proxy materials electronically. Please check the information provided in the proxy materials mailed to you by your bank or broker regarding the availability of this service.
How Proxies Work
ExxonMobil’s Board of Directors is asking for your
proxy. Giving us your proxy means you authorize us to vote your shares at the meeting in the manner you direct.
2019 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
If your shares are held in your name, you can vote by proxy in one of three convenient ways:
Via Internet
By telephone
In writing
Follow the instructions at
www.investorvote.com/exxonmobil.
You will need to have your proxy card or
Notice in hand. At this website, you can
elect to access future proxy statements
and annual reports via the Internet.
Call toll-free
1-800-652-8683 or
1-781-575-2300 (outside the United
States, Canada, and Puerto Rico), and
follow the instructions. You will need to
have your proxy card or Notice in hand