climate change and closely align with ExxonMobil’s existing competitive advantages and core capabilities. The Company’s robust research and development process, continued evaluation of emerging technologies, and global collaborations will be key to identifying lower-emission opportunities and growing the Low Carbon Solutions business.
~$17 Billion
Allocated toward lower-emissions investments from 2022 through 2027
2023 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
ITEM 2: Ratification of Independent Auditors
The Board recommends you vote FOR this proposal.
The ExxonMobil Audit Committee has appointed PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP (PwC) to audit ExxonMobil’s financial statements for 2023.
Page 41
Additional information
about the Audit Committee’s appointment of PwC
and PwC’s fees for
2021 and 2022
You are asked to ratify that appointment.
ITEM 3: Advisory Vote to Approve Executive Compensation
ITEM 4: Frequency of Advisory Vote on Executive Compensation
The Board recommends you vote FOR on Item 3 and FOR One-Year Frequency on Item 4 .
ExxonMobil asks you to vote on non-binding resolutions to approve the compensation of the Named Executive Officers and on the future voting frequency of that advisory vote.
Page 44
Additional information about ExxonMobil’s compensation
program
ITEMS 5 through 17: Shareholder Proposals
The Board recommends you vote AGAINST each of these proposals.
You will have the opportunity to vote on shareholder proposals submitted to ExxonMobil.
Page 77
The text of these proposals, the proponents’ statements in support, and ExxonMobil’s responses
Based on Scope 1 and 2 emissions of ExxonMobil operated assets through 2022 (versus 2016). ExxonMobil’s reported emissions, reductions, and avoidance performance data are based on a combination of measured and estimated emissions data using reasonable efforts and collection methods. Calculations are based on industry standards and best practices, including guidance from the American Petroleum Institute (API) and Ipieca. There is uncertainty associated with the emissions, reductions, and avoidance performance data due to variation in the processes and operations, the availability of sufficient data, quality of those data and methodology used for measurement and estimation. Performance data may include rounding. Changes to the performance data may be reported as part of the company’s annual publications as new or updated data and/or emission methodologies become available. We are working to continuously improve our performance and methods to detect, measure and address greenhouse gas emissions. ExxonMobil works with industry, including API and Ipieca, to improve emission factors and methodologies, including measurements and estimates.
References to routine flaring herein are consistent with the World Bank’s Zero Routine Flaring Initiative/Global Gas Flaring Reduction Partnership’s (GGFRP) principle of routine flaring, and excludes safety and non-routine flaring.
ExxonMobil’s 2030 GHG emission reduction plans, corporate.exxonmobil.com/News/Newsroom/News-releases /2021/1201_ExxonMobil-announces-plans-to-2027-doubling-earnings-and-cash-flow-potential-reducing-emissions.
ExxonMobil’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 net-zero ambition is backed by a comprehensive approach centered on detailed emission-reduction roadmaps for our major operated assets. Roadmaps may be updated as needed to reflect technology, policy and other necessary developments, including the development and acquisition of major operated assets.
2023 Proxy Statement
Table of Contents
GENERAL INFORMATION
Who May Vote
Shareholders of ExxonMobil, as recorded in our stock register on April 5, 2023, may vote at the meeting according to the instructions below.
How to Vote
Your vote is important. We recommend you vote by proxy even if you plan to participate in the virtual meeting . You may vote at the annual meeting according to the instructions below or by proxy.
If your shares are held in your name, you can vote by proxy in one of three convenient ways:
Online
Telephone
Mail
Follow the instructions at
investorvote.com/exxonmobil .
You will need to have your
proxy card or Notice of Internet Availability (Notice) in hand.
Call toll-free
1-800-652-8683 or
1-781-575-2300 (outside the United States, Canada, and Puerto Rico),
and follow the instructions.
You will need to have your
proxy card or Notice in hand.
Complete, sign, date, and return your
proxy card in the enclosed
envelope. If you receive a Notice and
would like to vote by mail, please
follow the instructions in the Notice
to obtain paper proxy materials.
How Proxies Work
ExxonMobil’s Board of Directors is asking for your proxy. Giving us your proxy means you authorize us to vote your shares at the meeting in the manner you direct on the proxy card from the Board of Directors.
If you give us your signed proxy but do not specify how to vote, we will vote your shares as follows:
For the election of all director candidates nominated by the ExxonMobil Board;
For