People. Passion. Possibilities.
At AbbVie, we combine advanced science, expertise and passion to solve serious health issues and have a remarkable impact on people’s lives. See how we’re improving health care on a global basis.
~29,000 employees Our employees are scientists, researchers, communicators, manufacturing specialists and regulatory experts located around the globe. We’re constantly working to create solutions that go beyond treating the illness to have a positive impact on patients’ lives, on societies—and on science itself.
About AbbVie
A Research-driven Biopharmaceutical Company
We’re a company that takes on the toughest health challenges. But we do more than just treat diseases. We’re meeting the health needs of people and societies around the globe.
Finding Better Solutions to the Toughest Challenges
Research and innovation are the cornerstones of our business. We focus on discovering, developing and delivering drugs in therapeutic areas where we have proven expertise—and can make an impact. This includes Immunology, Oncology, Neuroscience and Virology.
Working Together to Make a Difference
Our partners share our commitment to solving the world’s greatest health needs. That’s why we collaborate with peers, universities, clinical experts, governments and advocacy groups. By working together, we combine the best efforts, thinking and resources to find better solutions for patients.
Strategy
Our Mission Hasn’t Wavered
We’re focused on sustainable growth and addressing the world’s pressing health challenges. We achieve that by developing a consistent stream of innovative new medicines.
170+ countries where our products help patients
30+ million Patients around the world treated by AbbVie’s medicines every year
21 primary research and manufacturing facilities around the world
At A Glance
What AbbVie’s All About
See how AbbVie is advancing science at our locations around the world.
Leadership
Meet Our Leadership Team
Our mission of improving lives starts at the top. Our leaders’ vision and expertise guide our teams, while their commitment to patients fuels our culture.
Recognition
Rewarded for Our Work and Our Actions
From respected employer practices to environmental stewardship, we are proud of the recognition we’ve received for our dedication to communities around the world.
70+ countries where our employees work
$4.3 billion amount AbbVie invested in R&D in 2015 to advance science
8,000+ AbbVie scientists at work today
Ethics and Compliance
Guiding the Way We Conduct Business
Our commitment to ethics and compliance guides each of us, every single day. Our Ethics and Compliance Program includes strong leadership, clear written standards, effective lines of communication, relevant training, accountability, forthright assessment and remediation.
Positions and Views
Our Position on Key Issues
We support public policies that promote our mission of developing leading-edge therapies and innovations, providing life-changing products to patients who need them and enabling us to deliver treatments that have an impact on people’s lives.