At AbbVie, we see a future full of possibility, where health is in reach and patient lives are improved. See our employees, our science and our hope for tomorrow.
People. Passion. Possibilities.®
~47,000 employees
Our employees are scientists, researchers, communicators, manufacturing specialists and regulatory experts located around the globe. We’re constantly working to create solutions that go beyond treating the illness to have a positive impact on patients’ lives, on societies—and on science itself.
A research-driven biopharmaceutical company
We’re a company that takes on the toughest health challenges, but we’re really just getting started.
Finding better solutions to the toughest challenges
Research and innovation are the cornerstones of our business. We focus on discovering, developing and delivering drugs in therapeutic areas where we have proven expertise—and can make an impact. This includes Immunology, Oncology, Neuroscience and Virology.
Working together to make a difference
Our partners share our commitment to solving the world’s greatest health needs. That’s why we collaborate with peers, universities, clinical experts, governments and advocacy groups. By working together, we combine the best efforts, thinking and resources to find better solutions for patients.
Our mission hasn’t wavered
We’re focused on sustainable growth and addressing the world’s
pressing health challenges. We achieve that by developing a consistent
stream of innovative
new medicines.
175+
countries where our products help patients
30+ million
Patients around the world treated by AbbVie’s medicines every year
primary research and manufacturing facilities around the world
What AbbVie’s
all about
See how AbbVie is advancing science at our locations around the world.
Meet our leadership team
Our mission of improving lives starts at the top. Our leaders’ vision and expertise guide our teams, while their commitment to patients fuels our culture.
Rewarded for our work and our actions
From respected employer practices to environmental stewardship, we
are proud of the recognition we’ve received for our dedication to
communities around
the world.
countries where our employees work
$5.1 billion
amount AbbVie invested in R&D in 2018 to advance science
~9,000
R&D employees working globally to make a difference
Guiding the way we conduct business
Our commitment to ethics and compliance guides each of us, every single day. Our Ethics & Compliance Program includes strong leadership, clear written standards, effective lines of communication, relevant training, accountability, forthright assessment and remediation.
Our position on key issues
We support public policies that promote our mission of developing leading-edge therapies and innovations, providing life-changing products to patients who need them and enabling us to deliver treatments that have an impact on people’s lives.