Pierre Nanterme is Chairman & CEO of Accenture, a US$32.9 billion global professional services company.
In addition to chairing the board of directors, Mr. Nanterme is responsible for managing the company, formulating and executing long-term strategies, and interacting with clients, employees, investors and other stakeholders. He is Accenture’s primary decision- and policy-maker, setting the tone for the company’s values, ethics and culture. He has served on the board of directors since 2010 and leads Accenture's Global Management Committee.
Mr. Nanterme exemplifies Accenture’s commitment to helping its clients achieve high performance. He is a proven leader with deep expertise in developing strong client relationships, a passion for building outstanding client teams and a disciplined focus on operations and execution.
In his 34-year career with Accenture, Mr. Nanterme has held a wide variety of leadership positions across key parts of Accenture’s business. Prior to becoming CEO in January 2011, he was Group Chief Executive of Accenture's Financial Services operating group, which serves clients in the banking, capital markets and insurance industries. In 2006, he joined Accenture’s global leadership team, where he contributed to the planning and execution of Accenture’s successful long-term business strategy and the implementation of its global operating model.
From May 2006 through August 2007, Mr. Nanterme was Chief Leadership Officer, with primary responsibility for Accenture's leadership development program. In that role, he oversaw Accenture's corporate citizenship initiatives globally. He also served as Accenture’s country managing director for France from November 2005 through August 2007. Mr. Nanterme spent much of his earlier career with Accenture in the Financial Services operating group, where he served as managing director for Europe, Africa and Latin America, as well as global managing director of Accenture's Insurance industry group.
Mr. Nanterme represents Accenture in a number of external venues. Since 2011, he has served on various task forces for the B20 Summit, which comprises top business leaders from the G20 countries who inform and advise the G20 on key global issues from a business perspective. He is a member of the World Economic Forum's International Business Council and its IT Governors Steering Committee, as well as executive sponsor of the Forum's Digital Transformation of Industries research project. He is also a member of the Wall Street Journal's CEO Council.
Mr. Nanterme joined Accenture in 1983 and became a partner in 1993. He holds a Master of Science degree in management from ESSEC Business School (École Supérieure des Sciences Économiques et Commerciales) in Paris. He was awarded the insignia of Chevalier (Knight) of the Legion of Honour in France in 2010. In 2015, he was named to Fortune's "Businessperson of the Year" list of top CEOs. In 2016, he was named to Harvard Business Review’s list of "The Best-Performing CEOs in the World."