"There's a reason our clients choose us. Our people have the courage, imagination and expertise to bring about true transformation."
David P. Rowland
Interim Chief Executive Officer
Growing customer expectations. Market-shaping AI. Self-optimizing systems. The post-digital age shows no signs of slowing down, and the need for new ideas powered by intelligent technologies has never been greater.
But a vision for the future can't be realized without know-how. We partner with our clients to drive real innovation—the kind that turns an idea into an industry—helping them transform and grow their organizations.
Learn how we work with companies from all industries, across the globe to create the New—now.
We combine human ingenuity with intelligent technology to benefit society and shape responsible business.
We’re building an inclusive and diverse workforce.
We're dedicated to accelerating the shift to a low-carbon economy and lessening the effects of climate change.
Accenture Development Partnerships brings the best of Accenture to address social, economic and environmental issues.
Our leaders share what equality means to them.
Learn the importance of an inclusive work environment.
Employing healthcare analytics saves lives.
Year after year, Accenture is recognized worldwide not only for business performance but also for inclusion and diversity.
RANKED NO. 36 ON
17 consecutive years
RANKED NO. 7 ON
13 consecutive years
RANKED NO. 2 ON
10 consecutive years
Personal integrity and legal compliance are essential to our operation as a global collective. Through our words and actions, we inspire trust and foster an ethical culture where every individual can thrive.
We have a history of strong corporate governance, and we're committed to governance policies and practices that benefit our company and its shareholders.
Our values shape the culture of our organization and define the character of our company. We live the core values through individual behaviors. They serve as the foundation for how we act and make decisions.
Enabling clients to become high-performance businesses and creating long-term relationships by being responsive and relevant and by consistently delivering value.
Leveraging the power of global insight, relationships, collaboration and learning to deliver exceptional service to clients wherever they do business.
Valuing diversity and unique contributions, fostering a trusting, open and inclusive environment and treating each person in a manner that reflects Accenture's values.
Attracting, developing and retaining the best talent for our business, challenging our people, demonstrating a "can-do" attitude and fostering a collaborative and supportive environment.
Being ethically unyielding and honest and inspiring trust by saying what we mean, matching our behaviors to our words and taking responsibility for our actions.
Fulfilling our obligation of building a better, stronger and more durable company for future generations, protecting the Accenture brand, meeting our commitment to stakeholders, acting with an owner mentality, developing our people and helping improve communities and the global environment.
A career with Accenture puts you at the forefront of innovation in the digital age. Work with the brightest minds in business to imagine and invent the future.