Corporate
Citizenship
We’re working to build a future of shared success.
To deliver on the promise of technology
and human ingenuity
We embrace the power of change to create long-lasting value
in every direction for our clients, people and communities.
"Across the globe, one thing is universally true of the people of Accenture: We care deeply about what we do and the impact we have with our clients and communities. It is personal to all of us."
Julie Sweet
Chief Executive Officer
Accenture employees worldwide
Clients served throughout more than 120 countries
Patents and patents pending worldwide
Cities with Accenture locations and operations, across 50 countries
Partners in our ecosystem
We now work with 91 of the Fortune Global 100. As of 2021, we've made 19 consecutive appearances on the list of Fortune's "World's Most Admired Companies". And that's just the beginning.
Our values shape the culture of our organization and define the character of our company. We live the core values through individual behaviors. They serve as the foundation for how we act and make decisions.
Acting with ethics and integrity always has been and always will be the right thing to do.
Accenture’s commitment to our people and to accelerating equality for all has never been more relevant than it is today.
Learn about our commitment to stand against bigotry, injustice and racism.
We are committed to creating an inclusive, accessible workplace.
Growing customer expectations.
Market-shaping AI.
Self-optimizing systems.
The post-digital age shows no signs of slowing down. And the need for rapid business transformation has never been greater.
We meet clients wherever they are on their paths to change—in every industry across the globe—and partner with them to create lasting value in every direction.
We’re committed to playing a leading role in the change to a low-carbon economy.
We’re using our global capabilities and experience to improve lives in the developing world.
We work together across the globe to make a world of difference.
We helped a leading Japanese securities firm redefine its customer relationships by leveraging modern technology.