Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative human therapeutics. This approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics
to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology.
Our belief—and the core of our strategy—is that innovative, highly differentiated medicines that provide large clinical benefits in addressing serious diseases are medicines that will not only help patients, but also will help reduce the social and economic
burden of disease in society today.
Amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. A biotechnology innovator since 1980, Amgen has grown to be one of the world's
leading independent biotechnology companies, has reached millions of patients around the world and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential.
Innovative Medicines
We have a presence in approximately 100 countries and regions worldwide and our innovative medicines have reached millions of people in the fight against serious illnesses such as cancer, cardiovascular disease, osteoporosis, asthma, rheumatoid arthritis and many others. Our medicines typically address diseases for which there are limited treatment options, or they are medicines that provide a viable option to what is otherwise available.
Transformative Research
Understanding the fundamental biological mechanisms of disease is a defining feature of Amgen's discovery research efforts—and a major contributor to the development of Amgen's deep and broad pipeline of potential new medicines. Amgen's "biology first"
approach permits its scientists to first explore the complex molecular pathways of disease before determining what type of medicine, or modality, is most likely to deliver optimal efficacy and safety. With the advances in human genetics, Amgen continues
to shed new light on the molecular roots of disease. Amgen subsidiary deCODE Genetics, a global leader in human genetics, is a powerful differentiator, greatly improving how we identify and validate human disease targets.
World-Class Biomanufacturing
The treatment of millions of seriously ill patients worldwide depends on the safe and reliable production of biologic medicines, which are administered by injection or intravenously. A worldwide leader in biologics manufacturing, Amgen has an outstanding
track record of reliably delivering high-quality medicines to patients who need them. Significant skill, experience, vigilance and commitment are critical to help ensure the quality of a biologic medicine each time a new batch is made. At Amgen, robust
quality control and a reliable supply of medicines for patients are every bit as important as scientific innovation.
Good Corporate Citizenship
While bringing innovative medicines to people suffering from serious diseases is the best way Amgen can contribute to the greater good, we know that society confronts multiple challenges and we are working to do our part to address them. Our efforts fall into four categories:
- Healthy People – We focus on removing barriers that limit equitable access to healthcare so that people can live their healthiest lives. In 2021, for example, the Amgen Safety Net Foundation provided $2.2 billion* worth of Amgen medicines at no cost to low-income Americans.
- Healthy Society – We work toward a more just society for our employees and the people we serve. For instance, Amgen is a founding member of the OneTen coalition, comprised of leading companies with a collective goal over the next 10 years to hire one million Black Americans into good-paying, family-sustaining jobs.
- Healthy Planet – We prioritize sustainability and aim to minimize our environmental impact to preserve natural resources for generations to come. In 2021, for example, Amgen announced plans to invest more than $200 million to become carbon neutral by 2027, while also reducing our water use by 40% and our waste generated by 70%.
- A Healthy Amgen – We hold ourselves to high standards in all we do to ensure our culture and products reflect Amgen values. Every year, for example, all Amgen employees around the world complete a comprehensive Code of Conduct training to reinforce how we must interact with each other, as well as with physicians, regulators, government officials, and other external stakeholders.
To learn more, please visit www.amgen.com/responsibility.
*Valued at wholesale acquisition cost