Amgen is committed to unlocking the potential of biology for patients suffering from serious illnesses by discovering, developing, manufacturing and delivering innovative human therapeutics. This approach begins by using tools like advanced human genetics to unravel the complexities of disease and understand the fundamentals of human biology.
Our belief—and the core of our strategy—is that innovative, highly differentiated medicines that provide large clinical benefits in addressing serious diseases are medicines that will not only help patients, but also will help reduce the social and economic burden of disease in society today.
Amgen focuses on areas of high unmet medical need and leverages its expertise to strive for solutions that improve health outcomes and dramatically improve people's lives. A biotechnology innovator since 1980, Amgen has grown to be one of the world's leading independent biotechnology companies, has reached millions of patients around the world and is developing a pipeline of medicines with breakaway potential.
Innovative Medicines
We have a presence in approximately 100 countries and regions worldwide and our innovative medicines have reached millions of people in the fight against serious illnesses. We focus on six therapeutic areas: cardiovascular disease, oncology, bone health, neuroscience, nephrology and inflammation. Our medicines typically address diseases for which there are limited treatment options, or they are medicines that provide a viable option to what is otherwise available.
Transformative Research
Understanding the fundamental biological mechanisms of disease is a defining feature of Amgen's discovery research efforts—and a major contributor to the development of Amgen's deep and broad pipeline of potential new medicines. Amgen's "biology first" approach permits its scientists to first explore the complex molecular pathways of disease before determining what type of medicine, or modality, is most likely to deliver optimal efficacy and safety. With the advances in human genetics, Amgen continues to shed new light on the molecular roots of disease. Amgen subsidiary deCODE Genetics, a global leader in human genetics, is a powerful differentiator, greatly improving how we identify and validate human disease targets.
World-Class Biomanufacturing
The treatment of millions of seriously ill patients worldwide depends on the safe and reliable production of biologic medicines, which are administered by injection or intravenously. A worldwide leader in biologics manufacturing, Amgen has an outstanding track record of reliably delivering high-quality medicines to patients who need them. Significant skill, experience, vigilance and commitment are critical to help ensure the quality of a biologic medicine each time a new batch is made. At Amgen, robust quality control and a reliable supply of medicines for patients are every bit as important as scientific innovation.
DOWNLOADS
Amgen Fact Sheet