Amazon pledges to upskill 100,000 U.S. employees by 2025 through programs like Amazon Technical Academy.
How Amazon delivers products safer and faster.
Amazon’s Delivery Service Partner program puts you in the driver’s seat of your own business.
Jeff Bezos speaks candidly at re:MARS, on getting support for ideas, big bets, knowing when to throw in the towel, and more.
How a part-time job at an Amazon warehouse led to a full-time career in robotics.
Learn more about Amazon.
2018 Letter to Shareholders
To our shareowners: Something strange and remarkable has happened over the last 20 years.
We're a company of builders. It's our job to make bold bets, and we get our energy from inventing on behalf of customers.
Sections
6 tips from Jeff Bezos' re:MARS fireside chat
Jeff Bezos speaks candidly at re:MARS, on getting support for ideas, big bets, knowing when to throw in the towel, and more.
How artificial intelligence helps Amazon deliver
An Amazon chief scientist explains how machine learning keeps Amazon warehouses humming.
Over the last 5-years, Amazon has created more than 125 jobs in the US every day – from fulfillment centers to corporate offices, we’ve invested over $100 billion in the US alone.
When a business believes in a city's comeback
Audible's new Innovation Cathedral is the Amazon subsidiary's latest — and most dazzling — vote of confidence in Newark, New Jersey.
From the ground up
Amazon’s new Arlington campus will feature energy-efficient offices, new community space, and neighborhood retail.
Investing in the U.S.
Amazon has invested over $160 billion in the U.S. to
create jobs, fuel growth, and drive innovation.
We care deeply about the communities our employees call home.
We look for uniquely Amazonian and innovative ways to make positive, lasting impacts and encourage our employees to champion causes they care about.
Amazon in the community
At Amazon, we are committed to ensuring all children and young adults, especially those from underrepresented and underprivileged communities who reside in communities where we have a physical presence, have the resources and skills they need to build their best and brightest futures.
Amazon supports right now needs
How Amazon approaches hunger, homelessness, and disaster relief
Amazon empowers small and medium-sized businesses to reach millions of customers.
Amazon's impact on small businesses
There are more than 1.9 million businesses, content creators, and developers in the U.S. alone, using Amazon products and services to follow their dreams and reach customers.
A fresh approach
Misbehaving dogs and cats led this family to find a way to spray away the mess. Thousands of five-star reviews later, their thriving Amazon store delivers the goods.
We put our scale and inventive culture to work on sustainability and protecting the environment.
Delivering Shipment Zero, a vision for net zero carbon shipments
Shipment Zero is Amazon’s vision to make all Amazon shipments net zero carbon, with 50% of all shipments net zero by 2030.
Unlocking sustainability insights around the world
The Amazon Sustainability Data Initiative is leveling the playing field to allow researchers to access and analyze massive datasets at a scale like never before.
If you're an inventor, you'll love being an Amazonian. From day one at Amazon, you'll take ownership of projects that have a direct impact on our customers.
A look at glamazon through the years
Get to know one of the many affinity groups at Amazon that help connect, support, and empower communities of employees across the globe.
Open to interpretation
How an Amazon designer turned his disability into an advantage.
At Amazon, we’re able to innovate and delight customers thanks to our incredible workforce—the more than 250,000 full-time associates behind our global network of fulfillment centers. Amazon Fulfillment is where our employees, technology and innovation come together every day to delight customers.
How people and robots team up on your Amazon order
Dynamic duos work side-by-side, using state-of-the-art technology to help deliver lower prices to customers.
What robots do (and don’t do) at Amazon fulfillment centers
An inside look reveals how robots not only help optimize the supply chain and improve the customer experience but also benefit the humans working alongside them.
Diversity and inclusion
Amazon’s mission is to be the earth’s most customer-centric company, and this mission is central to our work in diversity and inclusion.