Who we are
Amazon is guided by four principles: customer obsession rather than competitor focus, passion for invention, commitment to operational excellence, and long-term thinking.
Hire power: How Amazonians ‘raise the bar’ with every interview
More than 3,600 Bar Raisers at Amazon provide diverse, unbiased points of view during the interview process.
Blind since birth, writing code at Amazon since 2013
Michael Forzano said he has a good “mental map of the structure of the code,” which allows him to help colleagues and provide unique feedback to his team.
Building the future
We strive to have a positive impact on customers, employees, small businesses, the economy, and communities. Amazonians are smart, passionate builders with different backgrounds and goals, who share a common desire to always be learning and inventing on behalf of our customers.
Delivering Shipment Zero, a vision for net zero carbon shipments
Learn more about Amazon’s vision to make 50% of all shipments net zero carbon by 2030.
Amazon contributes $1 million to a new Seattle Foundation fund for community members affected by COVID-19
Learn about the newly formed COVID-19 Response Fund made up of philanthropy, government, and business partners in the Puget Sound-area, and how you can contribute to help.
What we do
Explore Amazon’s products and services.
Waking up a voice tech boom
From Ring to ecobee, a series of startups are innovating voice technology with the help of the Alexa Fund.
Music in a voice-first world
How Alexa and Amazon Music help you find the music you want (even when you don’t know exactly what you want.)
Investing in the U.S.
Amazon has invested over $160 billion in the U.S. to
create jobs, fuel growth, and drive innovation.
Learn more
Stay connected and keep in touch.
2018 Letter to Shareholders
To our shareowners: Something strange and remarkable has happened over the last 20 years.
Affinity groups
Amazon has 12 affinity groups, also known as employee resource groups, which bring Amazonians together across businesses and locations around the world. Some examples include the Black Employee Network (BEN), Amazon Women in Engineering (AWE), and Indigenous@.
Committed to a sustainable future
Amazon is making big changes to protect the planet.