- Paperback: 875 pages
- Publisher: Touchstone (April 15, 1990)
- Language: English
- ISBN-10: 0671695347
- ISBN-13: 978-0671695347
- Product Dimensions: 6.1 x 2.1 x 9.2 inches
- Shipping Weight: 2.7 pounds (View shipping rates and policies)
- Average Customer Review: 4.7 out of 5 stars See all reviews (185 customer reviews)
Amazon Best Sellers Rank:
#11,619 in Books (See Top 100 in Books)
- #1 in Books > History > Military > Korean War > Personal Narratives
- #22 in Books > History > Military > United States > Vietnam War
- #89 in Books > History > Asia
Enter your mobile number or email address below and we'll send you a link to download the free Kindle App. Then you can start reading Kindle books on your smartphone, tablet, or computer - no Kindle device required.
To get the free app, enter your mobile phone number.
Other Sellers on Amazon
+ $3.99 shipping
Learn more
About Face: The Odyssey of an American Warrior Paperback – April 15, 1990
Price
|New from
|Used from
Unknown Binding
"Please retry"
|$19.50
Frequently bought together
Customers who bought this item also bought
Editorial Reviews
About the Author
David H. Hackworth (Col., U.S. Army, Ret.) spent almost five years of combat duty in Vietnam, as well as twenty-five years in the service of our nation's defense. His previous two nonfiction books, About Face (available from Touchstone) and Hazardous Duty, and his novel, The Price of Honor,The Price of Honor, were national bestsellers. Eilhys England produces feature films and writes with her partner and husband, David Hackworth. They live in Connecticut and Australia.
I'd like to read this book on Kindle
Don't have a Kindle? Get your Kindle here, or download a FREE Kindle Reading App.
Browse award-winning titles. See more
Product details
If you are a seller for this product, would you like to suggest updates through seller support?
Important information
IngredientsExample Ingredients
DirectionsExample Directions
Customer reviews
Top customer reviews
Initially I found the writing somewhat basic. Hackworth is not a professional writer, and you can tell. But it is clearly written and grammatically correct. If at first you are a little underwhelmed, give it a chance! After the first 30 pages, I was captivated, barely able to put it down.
Also worth noting is there is a big shift in the author's perspective about 2/3rds of the way through. That takes the book from interesting to must read material.
Hack will be sorely missed by many of us. I recommend this book highly for anyone with an interest in leadership, military history, Korea, Vietnam, or just the journalist David Hackworth. It gives a well rounded picture of what built him, and who he was as a man. This book is a must read.
Important Note: Buy the paperback. Some of the hardcover volumes have a binding error. Some pages are missing and some are duplicated.