We’re live blogging Amazon Prime Day – sharing an inside peek at events, top offers, Prime member favorites, our offices and Fulfillment Centers, and more.
Tea Forté is geared up to make Prime Day 2018 its single biggest day ever.
Amazon’s Prime Air planes work on customers’ behalf to fulfill our two-day delivery promise to Prime members.
Amazon announces the Best Books of 2018 (so far).
Why the 2018 Special Olympics USA Games are especially meaningful for an Amazon family.
The director of the Amazon Literary Partnership never stops walking in the shoes of the community he supports.
With more than 40,000 plants from around the world, The Spheres showcase biodiversity in the heart of Seattle.
How a film lover's passion project turned into the world's #1 movie website.
Amazon empowers small and medium-sized businesses to reach millions of customers.
Steeped in success
Tea Forté is geared up to make Prime Day 2018 its single biggest day ever.
Sibling revelry: Three brothers and a sister hand-craft a custom furniture business
A family philosophy provides the foundation for success on Amazon.
Over the last 5-years, Amazon has created more than 125 jobs in the US every day – from fulfillment centers to corporate offices, we’ve invested over $100 billion in the US alone.
Sections
Steel to silicon: Pittsburgh's technology renaissance continues
How Pittsburgh learned to speak another language, and provided Amazon a gateway to the world.
In photos: Amazon expands Vancouver Tech Hub, adding 3,000 high-tech jobs
These new hires will join the more than 6,000 full-time Amazonians across Canada, ranging from customer fulfillment associates to researchers and software engineers.
If you're an inventor, you'll love being an Amazonian. From day one at Amazon, you'll take ownership of projects that have a direct impact on our customers.
How old-school book lovers help you find your next great read
Amazon announces the Best Books of 2018 (so far).
How a door became a desk, and a symbol of Amazon
Today, Amazon offices around the world are filled with door desks, based on Bezos’ early design.
Amazon Leadership Principles
We use our Leadership Principles, every day, whether discussing ideas for new projects, deciding on the best solution for a customer's problem, or interviewing candidates.
We put our scale and inventive culture to work on sustainability and protecting the environment.
The super-efficient heat source hidden below Amazon's Seattle headquarters
Thanks to a collaboration across city agencies, engineers, a “carrier hotel” and others, Amazon’s newest building is heated by recycling excess energy from a neighboring data center.
Powering a clean future
Amazon's largest wind farm to date is adding more than 1 million megawatt hours of clean energy to the grid each year.
We care deeply about the communities our employees call home.
We look for uniquely Amazonian and innovative ways to make positive, lasting impacts and encourage our employees to champion causes they care about.
Sections
Taking poverty off the table in Seattle
Why the 2018 Special Olympics USA Games are especially meaningful for an Amazon family.
Why we choose to include
Helping people with disabilities find employment is part of Amazon's commitment to increase diversity and inclusion in the workplace.
We're a company of builders. It's our job to make bold bets, and we get our energy from inventing on behalf of customers.
Sections
How to pack a Prime plane
Amazon’s Prime Air planes work on customers’ behalf to fulfill our two-day delivery promise to Prime members.
The inside story of how the Kindle was born
Early development team reveals untold details on Kindle e-reader’s 10-year anniversary
Our company
Learn more about Amazon.
The stories behind the peculiar building names at Amazon's headquarters
Bigfoot, Houdini, and Nessie have all taken up residence on Amazon’s Seattle urban campus, but how did they end up there?
The Spheres blossom in Seattle
It’s official, the Spheres are open. See inside via 360 photo.