PRESS RELEASE
Access BlackRock's Q2 2023 earnings
INVESTMENT INSIGHTS
Our thought leadership in investing, risk management, portfolio construction and trading solutions.
BLACKROCK SUSTAINABILITY
NARRATOR: Since our founding over 30 years ago, BlackRock has approached change with courage, humility, and a goal of staying ahead of our clients' needs. We've always recognized our great responsibility to our clients and to the communities we serve around the world.
We help millions of people invest to build savings that serve them throughout their lives. We make investing easier and more affordable. We advance sustainable investing. And we contribute to a more inclusive and resilient economy that benefits more people.
To meet the needs of our clients over the long term, we're continuing to evolve, invest, and innovate. We are challenging ourselves and the industry by asking big questions.
Like how can we contribute to an effective transition to a net zero economy? How can we bring the voices of individual shareholders to the companies they invest in? And how can we help more people benefit from the long-term growth of capital markets?
BlackRock is investing for the future so we can better serve our clients, inspire our employees, and support our communities. This is how we remain true to our purpose of helping more and more people experience financial well-being.
BlackRock is one of the world’s leading providers of investment, advisory and risk management solutions. We are a fiduciary to our clients. We’re investing for the future on behalf of our clients, inspiring our employees, and supporting our local communities. Watch the video to learn more.
Our purpose is to help more and more people experience financial well-being. Together with our clients, we’re contributing to a more equitable and resilient world – today and for generations to come.
When I was young I wasn’t sure at first what might I do in this big world.
I grew up with the goal of pursuing a career in business but also giving back to the community.
I wanted to enter a company that actually cares about what’s going on.
BlackRock’s given me the opportunity to combine my personal and professional passions.
What we are doing that is something impacting our society.
Our aim is to help empower people with our savings.
We are offering hiring people that have had a diverse backgrounds.
As a minority get crucial to have a firm that is diverse.
Black Rock has given me opportunity, I feel like I can belong in finance.
I feel that I’m doing something special.
I feel I have the power to bring in the change that I want.
At BlackRock, we work with our own values in everything that we do today.
At BlackRock, we believe we’re at our best when our employees connect their personal purpose to their work and our firm’s purpose. In our “What’s Your Why” series, employees share how they bring their passions to what they do.