Citi's Global Consumer Bank (GCB), a global leader in banking, credit cards and wealth management, is a critical growth engine for Citi. With a strategic focus on the U.S., Mexico and Asia, the Global Consumer Bank serves more than 110 million clients in 19 markets.
In 2019, the Global Consumer Bank successfully executed its strategy to drive growth. It demonstrated the power and potential of its new, integrated client-centric operating model in the U.S., grew loans and deposits globally, introduced an array of industry-first digital capabilities and expanded its ecosystem of partners, one of the most powerful in the industry.
With the full power of the franchise together for the first time in GCB's largest market, U.S. Consumer Banking implemented a strategy to deepen relationships across Cards and Retail and provide seamless experiences to customers nationwide. Capitalizing on our distinct model, we launched an array of new products and digital capabilities, forged new and expanded partnerships, and introduced new value propositions to grow and retain multi-relationship clients.
Globally, we continued to introduce industry-leading digital capabilities, redesign the client experience, and embed our services in the most popular social and e-commerce platforms, enabling customers to bank anytime, anywhere, on their channel of choice. Clients and the industry took note. We generated double-digit growth in digital and mobile users globally, and client engagement and satisfaction meaningfully improved. Citi was recognized with a number of industry awards, including Best Digital Bank in Asia (Euromoney), Best Digital Bank in Mexico (Global Finance) and Most Desirable Mobile Banking Features in the U.S. (Business Insider Intelligence).
Importantly, Citi continued to execute strategic multi-year investments in key growth areasâU.S. Branded Cards, Mexico and Technologyâto drive a superior experience for clients, enhance our infrastructure and controls, strengthen cybersecurity and deliver value for Citi shareholders.
GCB operates 2,348 branches and generated $7.4 billion in pre-tax earnings in 2019. At year-end 2019, the business had $291 billion in deposits, $300 billion in loans and $176 billion in assets under management.
Branded Cards
Branded Cards provides payment, credit and lending solutions to consumers and small businesses, with 55 million accounts globally. In 2019, Branded Cards generated annual purchase sales of $476 billion and ended the year with a loan portfolio of $122 billion.
Globally, we continued to strengthen our value propositions, expand co-brand partnerships, and provide new digital capabilities that make purchases faster, convenient and more rewarding.
In the U.S., we launched several new products to lay the foundation for a more integrated, multi-product relationship model. These included our new Rewards+SM card, a unique value proposition that provides cardmembers with the ability to earn more points on everyday purchases, as well as relationship-based offers that leverage our proprietary ThankYouÂ® and CitiÂ® Double Cash rewards products.
We expanded digital lending with two new solutions, Citi Flex Loan and Citi Flex Pay. Citi Flex Loan enables customers to convert a portion of their credit line into a fixed rate personal loan, while Citi Flex Pay enables customers to finance purchases by converting eligible purchases into a fixed payment plan. We continued to innovate and enhance our industry-leading ThankYou Rewards platform. We also enabled our real-time Pay with Points functionality.
To deepen relationships with existing cardmembers, we announced an expanded partnership with American Airlines. Our proprietary Citi Flex Pay capabilities will be available to our American Airlines co-brand cardholders, and our existing lending partnership will expand to include a deposit product, the Citi Miles AheadSM Savings Account, which will launch in 2020 to American Airlines co-brand cardholders who reside within the U.S. but outside locations in which Citi has a retail branch.
Internationally, we launched a suite of new products and digital capabilities. In Asia, we introduced co-brand and white label credit card partnerships with digital leaders, including Grab, Lazada and Paytm, with over 10 partnerships now live. We also launched an industry-first digital payment solution called Citi PayAll that enables cardmembers to settle big-ticket purchases in-app while earning rewards points. The feature launched in Hong Kong, Singapore, Thailand and the UAE. To date, nearly half of all credit card accounts and more than half of new loans in Asia are acquired digitally.
In Mexico, Citibanamex remains one of the leaders in the credit card segment, with strong market share, compelling reward programs, ThankYouÂ® Rewards and Premia, as well as market-leading promotions, including more than 2,500 agreements with retailers and businesses.
Citi EntertainmentÂ®, the bank's award-winning global entertainment access program, and its live music platform, Citi Sound Vault, continued to provide cardmembers with exclusive access to extraordinary music experiences. In 2019, in partnership with Live Nation, Citi offered cardmembers access to more than 8,000 events with many of the world's biggest names in music.
Retail Services
Retail Services is one of North America's largest and most experienced retail credit solution providers of private label and co-brand credit cards for retailers. The business serves 83 million customer accounts for iconic brands, including Best Buy, L.L.Bean, Macy's, Exxon Mobil, Sears, Shell, Tractor Supply Company and The Home Depot.
In 2019, Retail Services continued to enhance value propositions, including partnering on new rewards benefits for Tractor Supply Personal Credit cardholders with a membership to the Neighbor's Club, the company's free loyalty program.
Retail Services generated purchase sales of $88 billion and ended the year with a loan portfolio of $53 billion.
With a high-touch, segment-driven relationship model that serves clients across the full spectrum of consumer banking needs, Citibank serves as a trusted advisor to its retail, wealth management and small business clients at every stage of their financial journey.
Through Citibank, Citi Priority, Citigold and Citigold Private Client, we serve clients across the full spectrum of the wealth continuum so once they become a Citi customer, they can stay a Citi customer as their needs evolve.
In the U.S., Citi continued to evolve its retail bank model to drive national scale. In its six core strategic markets, Citi is a deposit leader, maintaining the highest average deposits per branch versus peers for the past six years. To deepen and acquire client relationships outside our branch footprint, we deployed a digitally led challenger strategy to drive incremental growth by leveraging the strength of our brand, the national scale and quality of our credit card franchise, and our leading wealth management capabilities.
New products were introduced for customers beyond our branch footprint, including Citi Accelerate SavingsÂ®, a digital high-yield savings account, and Citi ElevateSM Checking, a digital high-yield checking account. Digital deposit sales reached $6 billion in 2019, five times that of the prior year. To further drive national scale and embed our services on the platforms consumers use most, we announced our intent to explore providing checking accounts to consumers nationwide through Google Pay in 2020.
Across the U.S., Citi continued to advance financial inclusion and the economic strength and growth of communities. Citi's Access Account, a checkless bank account with no or low monthly fees, no overdraft fees, the ability to link to a savings account, and access to Citi's digital, retail and ATM channels, has been one of its fastest-growing products. Introduced in 2014, the account addresses the needs of a range of customers, particularly first-time and younger consumers, as well as often overlooked portions of the U.S. market, including low-income individuals, senior citizens and immigrants, by reducing the risks of overdrawn accounts and coinciding fees.
Through retail bank and small business credit card lending, as well as supply chain financing through its institutional bank, Citi invested more than $10.6 billion in small business lending in 2019, bringing its total for the decade to nearly $100 billion.
In Mortgage, having successfully transitioned direct servicing to Cenlar, Citi continued to intensify its focus on originations. Our mortgage business, which provides loans for home purchase and refinance transactions in the U.S., originated $16.9 billion in new loans in 2019.
Citi was proud to receive the #1 rating in customer satisfaction across the retail banking industry by the American Customer Satisfaction Index following being top rated among national banks in 2016 and 2017. In Wealth Management, we continued to enhance our capabilities, investing in our offerings and digital tools to meet a wider spectrum of customer needs. Through Citi Priority, we serve the needs of emerging affluent clients. With Citigold and Citigold Private Client, we provide institutional-grade, personalized wealth management services, including dedicated wealth teams, digital planning tools, fund access, and a range of exclusive privileges, preferred pricing and benefits to affluent clients around the globe.
In the U.S., we offered Citigold clients commission-free purchases on ETFs and enhanced digital planning capabilities with CitiÂ® Wealth Advisor, a digital financial planning solution for creating custom financial plans focused on the needs and goals that matter most. For the third consecutive year, Citi was named the Best Bank for High Net Worth Families by Kiplinger.
In Asia, we continued to enhance the client experience, unveiling a revitalized Citigold Private Client experience in China and launching Citibank Global Wallet in 13 markets, a market-first product that provides unrivaled convenience in foreign currency withdrawal and spending.
In Mexico, Citibanamex is one of the most well-regarded and historically significant financial institutions in the country, with top brand recognition, leading market share and an extensive retail branch network complemented by rapid digital and mobile user growth. In 2019, Citi continued to pace its strategic investments in technology, modernizing its branch and ATM network and digitizing its products and client base. Digital account opening was rolled out in branches across the countryâa 12-minute experience from start to finishâwhile new, redesigned mobile app functionality is driving robust mobile user growth, up 50% for the year.