Every day at Citi, we try to demonstrate the value we contribute to the communities we serve and the values we have committed to uphold around the world. In some cases, we may decide to publicly affirm those core values. But Iâm just as proud of the quieter, often local ways our company and colleagues take tangible steps to fulfill our mission of enabling growth and progress.
Just a few miles from our global headquarters, in the Queens neighborhood of Far Rockaway, an oceanfront community devastated by Hurricane Sandy in 2012, we helped rebuild the Ocean Bay apartment complex, home to 4,000 residents left without heat or water in the wake of that storm. Together with our community partners, we didnât just provide a patchwork fix, but thoroughly rebuilt homes that residents can take pride in while creating a safer, more resilient and sustainable community they can enjoy for decades to come. The project incorporated a number of elements that make the apartments more energy efficient, including the third-largest solar panel installation at an affordable housing development in New York.
And in response to one of a series of extreme weather events that impacted our communities in 2017, my colleagues in Citi Community Development worked directly with four leading housing organizations in the U.S. Commonwealth of Puerto Rico to help thousands of families across the island recover from the devastating impact of Hurricane Maria by providing free essential housing services.
As our company and colleagues continue to change for the better the life trajectories of people who participate in the programs we support, we discovered that the social impact of those programs is amplified by the participants who go on to create new jobs and opportunities for others. In Greece, for example, a young man left homeless after the financial crisis that engulfed his country in 2012 participated in entrepreneurial training as part of the Citi Foundationâs Pathways to Progress initiative, which helped him establish an organic olive oil cosmetics company, for which heâs since hired eight people. In Pakistan, a Pathways participant who opened a school for girls learned to operate it more efficiently. As a result, she hired another six teachers and expanded the student population from 25 to 100. In Uganda, Citi volunteers worked with a hair salon owner and jewelry maker to establish a formal bookkeeping system and create a business plan and marketing materials that enabled her to grow her business.
All those efforts and activities reflect the commitments weâve made to further embed our holistic approach to citizenship across the breadth and depth of our global franchise. But we also spoke out on several occasions about issues that directly affect our people, our clients and our communities. We voiced our concerns about U.S. immigration policies that discriminate against certain groups, reiterated our support for the Paris Agreement and other policies that address climate change, condemned racist acts in Charlottesville, signed on to the UK Modern Slavery Act and signed an amicus brief in the Masterpiece Cakeshop, Ltd. v. Colorado Civil Rights Commission case to show our support for the rights of the LGBTQ community.
In January 2018, we were the first bank to release the results of a pay equity analysis, which compared our compensation of women to men and U.S. minorities to U.S. non-minorities, and we took steps to close the 1 percent gap we found. In March, we announced a new Commercial Firearms policy in the U.S. and shared our view that, as a company that has openly committed to enabling growth and progress, we need to do our part to help combat gun violence.
While not everyone has agreed with what weâve said or done, Iâm proud of the actions weâve taken to define who we are and what we stand for as a company. A firm of our size and scale achieves great and big things when we put our mind to it â but my colleagues also positively impact the lives of many in small but meaningful ways each day. The ways we help make our communities stronger, provide opportunities to those who need support, protect our environment and celebrate diversity are the truest reflection of our values and the progress we enable around the world.
Michael L. Corbat
Chief Executive Officer
Citigroup Inc.