contact chevron
find answers to your questions and useful contacts
popular inquiries
pipeline information opens in new window
important topic information
Open jobs at Chevron are available for review and application at careers.chevron.com.
Resumes sent to the general mailbox will not be considered and requests for status updates to applications will not be provided.
We welcome your feedback and inquiries about any of our service stations. Customer service representatives are available between the hours of 7:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Central Time, Monday through Friday.
Consumer Connection Center
9401 Williamsburg Plaza
Suite 201
Louisville, KY 40222
Telephone: 1.855.285.9595
Individuals claiming to represent Chevron or one of its many subsidiaries have approached people in a variety of fraudulent business transactions.
While Chevron has contacted law enforcement agencies regarding these kinds of activities, it is often difficult to locate and prosecute the perpetrators. Anyone receiving one of these offers should report the matter to the appropriate law enforcement agency.
We sincerely regret any inconvenience caused by these individuals, and we hope the following explanations will be helpful. Please note that the information below is a sampling of the various frauds being attempted; new versions of fraud are frequently reported.
Chevron and Texaco promotion scamis called Advance Fee Fraud or 419 Fraud. Neither Chevron Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries offer proceeds in exchange for insurance payments. Whether or not a payment is requested to enter the promotion, Chevron is not associated with the individuals offering these insurance payments or with the individuals who claim to manage or run the promotion. These are not valid offers.
Chevron online endowment fund award scam
Victims will be approached by individuals claiming to represent the Chevron Online Endowment Award Fund (COEFA) as a potential beneficiary of a cash prize. Potential “winners” may be asked to fill out an entry form.
In order to receive their “prize,” victims may be requested to send an insurance payment via personal check or a money order. This particular kind of activity is called Advance Fee Fraud or 419 Fraud. Neither Chevron Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries offer donations or grants in exchange for insurance payments. Whether or not a payment is requested, Chevron is not associated with the individuals offering these insurance payments or with the individuals who claim to manage or run the program. These are not valid offers.
Deceased employee inquiry scam
Victims will be approached by individuals claiming to represent the estate of a deceased Chevron employee. These individuals will claim the employee died without any heirs and, for a fee, will offer to transfer the inheritance to the victim.
Fictitious job offer scam
Individuals will claim they are under contract with Chevron or a subsidiary to locate prospective employees for work on projects.
Individuals will claim to manage or run a promotion offered by Chevron or a subsidiary and ask potential participants to fill out a simple entry form. Alternatively, individuals will claim to offer proceeds in exchange for an “insurance payment.” They will claim that the promotion was sponsored by Chevron or a subsidiary.If an insurance payment is requested, victims are usually requested to send the insurance payment via personal check or a money order. This particular kind of activity
These offers usually are sent via email and will typically advise the victims they either have been hired by the company or may obtain employment with the company, and for a fee (the amount varies from $100 to as much as several thousand dollars), the individual will process the victim’s employment papers, tender offers, job applications and work permits. Victims are usually requested to send their fees, via a personal check or a money order, to a post office box either in the United States or another country. In some instances, victims are promised or receive checks to cover relocation expenses. Such promises and/or checks are not made or generated by Chevron or in any way associated with Chevron.
This particular kind of activity is called Advance Fee Fraud or 419 Fraud. Chevron does not seek fees for securing positions with the company from either prospective employees or contractors. These are not legitimate Chevron job offers.
If you should receive such an offer, we ask that you report the matter to the U.S. Secret Service.
Grant and donation scam
Victims will be approached by individuals claiming to represent Chevron or Chevron/Texaco Exploration and Production as the recipient of a cash grant or donation. They will ask potential “winners” to fill out an entry form.
If an insurance payment is requested, victims are usually requested to send the insurance payment via personal check or a money order. This particular kind of activity is called Advance Fee Fraud or 419 Fraud. Neither Chevron Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries offer donations or grants in exchange for insurance payments. Whether or not a payment is requested to enter the program, Chevron is not associated with the individuals offering these insurance payments or with the individuals who claim to manage or run the donation/grant program. These are not valid offers.
Lottery winner scam
Individuals will claim to manage or run a lottery offered by Chevron or a subsidiary and ask potential participants to fill out a simple entry form. Alternatively, individuals will claim to offer lottery proceeds in exchange for an “insurance payment.” They will claim that the lottery was sponsored by Chevron or a subsidiary.
If an insurance payment is requested, victims are usually requested to send the insurance payment via personal check or a money order. This particular kind of activity is called Advance Fee Fraud or 419 Fraud. Neither Chevron Corporation nor any of its subsidiaries offer lottery proceeds in exchange for insurance payments. Whether or not a payment is requested to enter the lottery, Chevron is not associated with the individuals offering these insurance payments or with the individuals who claim to manage or run the lottery. These are not valid offer.
Procurement scam
Vendors will be approached by individuals claiming to represent Chevron or a subsidiary. These individuals usually work by email and will advise the victim that they are being invited to bid for a large equipment or supply order. They are then asked to pay a qualification fee.
This particular kind of fraudulent activity is called “Advance Fee Fraud” or 419 Fraud. Chevron does not seek fees for doing business with the company. These are not valid offers. If you should receive such an offer, we ask that you report the matter to the U.S. Secret Service or to your local law enforcement agency.
Chevron Pipe Line Company operates pipelines that transport crude oil, refined petroleum products, liquefied petroleum gas, natural gas and chemicals within the United States.
Call before you dig
The primary cause of pipeline accidents is damage from excavation-related activities, particularly from equipment digging into pipelines. If you are planning to dig on your property or perform excavation work, please call your local One-Call Center.
Telephone: 811
Credit Card Inquiries Hotline and Support
For assistance with all of your credit card inquiries and complaints, you may call these numbers:
Chevron and Texaco Credit Services
1-800-243-8766
Option 1 for Chevron and Texaco consumer account
Customer Service Hours:
Mon–Fri 8:00 a.m. – 1:00 a.m. EST
Sat–Sun 9:00 a.m. – 10:00 p.m. EST
Chevron and Texaco Visa
1-866-448-4367
Customer service hours: 24/7
Business Card Services
1-888-531-3698
WEX Customer Advisors: 24/7/365
ChevronTexacoCorrespondence@wexinc.com
Always keep account number ready and security details for account verification
Find a material safety data sheet (MSDS) or product data sheet (PDS) for our motor gasoline, diesel, lubricants, aviation and asphalt products.access the MSDS database
Chevron contributes to communities by making strategic social investments and by partnering with host governments, nongovernmental organizations (NGOs), and public and private international organizations. Please visit the corporate sustainability section of our website to learn more about our approach, activities, and impacts. In addition, Chevron provides matching grants and volunteer grants for employees and retirees as part of the Chevron Humankind program.
Chevron invests its resources in proactively partnering on projects and initiatives that align with the needs of communities where we operate. Regrettably, we are unable to accept or respond to unsolicited requests for donations or charitable contributions.
Gasoline
Chevron, Texaco and Caltex gasolines with Techron are designed to deliver lower emissions, higher performance and a cleaner engine.
For technical questions about our fuels, please contact us.
telephone: +1 510.242.5357
learn more about chevron fuels
motor gasolines technical review
aviation fuels technical review
Diesel
Chevron's Ultra-Low Sulfur Diesel (ULSD) is available at stations across the United States.
diesel for consumers and commercial
contact us about our financial publications
For address changes, inquiries about Chevron stock and dividend reinvestment programs, please contact our Stock Transfer Agent:
For stockholder correspondence:
Computershare
P.O. Box 43078
Providence RI 02940-3078
For overnight mail:
Computershare
150 Royall St., Suite 101
Canton, MA 02021
Toll free number: +1 800.368.8357
Outside the U.S.: +1 201.680.6578
request copies of our financial publications
Technical information
Chevron Global Lubricants provides advanced products for industrial, commercial and consumer applications.
For information about a specific product, please contact us.
telephone: 1.800.582.3835
Business opportunities
Locate a source for our products in your area.
If you are interested in providing quality Chevron products in your local community, please contact us.
contact us about where to buy lubricants
Land department
The Land Department handles changes in ownership, address changes and property divisions.
Chevron North America Exploration and Production
Attn: Land Department
PO Box 4538
Houston, TX 77210-4538
Fax: 866.819.1448
Owner relations
Owner Relations provides information about royalty payments to private royalty owners.
Chevron U.S.A. Inc.
P. O. Box 4791
Houston, TX 77210-4791
Telephone: 1.866.212.1212
contact us about mineral rights and royalties
For Chevron Mobile App support, navigate to the bottom of https://www.chevronwithtechron.com/mobileapp to find your answers.
For Texaco Mobile App support, navigate to the bottom of https://www.texaco.com/en_us/home/mobile-apps.html to find your answers.
Assistance
For assistance, email Supplier Relations. An email response can be expected within three business days.
Check status
To check the status of invoices and payments online, visit the Chevron Invoice and Payment Status (CIPS) system.
chevron headquarters
6001 Bollinger Canyon Road
San Ramon, CA 94583, USA
Telephone: +1 925.842.1000
global contacts
chevron email updates
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive news and updates.