Our Leaders
With diverse skills and a shared purpose,
our leaders believe in Danaher,
encourage professional growth on all levels
and lead by example.
our leaders believe in Danaher,
encourage professional growth on all levels
and lead by example.
Rainer Blair is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Danaher Corporation. Beginning September 2020, Rainer has led Danaher’s $29.5B global, multi-industry portfolio of businesses. With the help of Danaher’s 80,000 global associates, he is focused on further strengthening Danaher’s position as a leading science and technology company.
Rainer is a dedicated leader and practitioner of the Danaher Business System, the company’s pre-eminent operating model and cultural foundation. He is deeply committed to the company’s Core Values and Shared Purpose: Helping Realize Life’s Potential. He has been a principle architect of Danaher’s associate engagement strategy and Diversity + Inclusion journey.
“Throughout Danaher’s history we have focused on exceeding the expectations of our shareholders, customers and associates globally. With a strong portfolio, experienced leadership team, and the power of the Danaher Business System, we have a bright future ahead.”
Rainer brings more than 30 years of deep and diverse experience to his current role. Rainer joined Danaher in 2010 and held leadership roles across several operating companies before being named Executive Vice President of Danaher’s Life Sciences platform in 2014. Through a combination of organic and inorganic growth investments, he helped Danaher build a portfolio of Life Sciences businesses uniquely positioned to reduce time to market and cost of biologic drugs. Under his leadership, the Life Sciences platform annual revenues increased five-fold to approximately $10 billion today.
Prior to Danaher, Rainer was President and CEO for MAPEI Americas, a $2.3 billion global, diversified construction chemical corporation. He previously spent 15 years with BASF Group on three continents with progressively larger leadership roles. He is U.S. Army veteran. He earned his B.A. from the University of Massachusetts - Amherst and his M.S. from Boston University. Rainer and his wife Alaine live in Alexandria, VA, and have three adult children.
As Executive Vice President, Jennifer provides strategic and operational leadership for Danaher’s Beckman Coulter Life Sciences, Integrated DNA Technologies (IDT), Leica Microsystems, Molecular Devices, Pall Industrial, Phenomenex, and SCIEX businesses. She also oversees Danaher’s Life Sciences China business, Danaher’s High Growth Markets and regional teams.
“Building a deeply diverse and inclusive workplace accelerates creativity, innovation, and collaboration alongside value creation. When our associates are highly engaged and united by a Shared Purpose and a sense of belonging, we unlock immense value for each other, our customers, and our shareholders.”
Jennifer originally joined Danaher with the 1999 acquisition of Hach and has held positions of increasing responsibility across the Water Quality, Sensors & Controls, Product Identification, and Life Sciences platforms over the past 20 years. Leadership roles at Hach Ultra Analytics, Anderson Instrument Company (now part of Fortive), Linx Printing Technologies, Beckman Coulter Life Sciences, and Pall have given her deep knowledge of the Danaher Business System (DBS) and a unique perspective on the many ways Danaher can help realize life’s potential across its businesses. Jennifer is a champion of the power of diversity, and a longstanding member of Danaher’s Diversity + Inclusion Council. Throughout her tenure, she has consistently delivered strong results by building high-performing teams and driving strategic M&A, innovation, and commercial execution.
Jennifer earned B.A. degrees in Chemistry and French from Grinnell College and an MBA in Technology Management from the University of Denver. She has lived and worked throughout the US and the UK and currently lives in Boston, MA, with her husband and two children.
Matt was appointed as Danaher's EVP & CFO in January 2019. Prior to that, he served as Group CFO for several of Danaher's Platforms including Diagnostics, Dental, Life Sciences and PID. Matt joined Danaher in April 2004 and has held positions of increasing responsibility within Internal Audit, M&A and served as Vice President of Investor Relations. Prior to joining Danaher, Matt was a Director in the Transactions Services Group at KPMG in Chicago, where he worked since 1994.
Matt holds a Bachelor of Science degree in Accounting from DePaul University.
As Executive Vice President of Danaher’s Product Identification, Water Quality and Diagnostics businesses, Joakim provides strategic and operational leadership for many of Danaher’s flagship companies. His strong growth and innovation mindset and experience also makes him the ideal leader of Danaher Digital, the company’s innovation hub focused on the Internet of Things (IoT), Artificial Intelligence (AI), analytics and cloud technologies.
"Deeper customer intimacy allows us to innovate and construct more intelligent and compelling offerings for them. Harnessing the promise of the Internet of Things helps us deliver an even more unique value proposition to our customers."
Joakim joined Danaher in 2011 and has served in multiple roles of increasing responsibility during his tenure. In 2014, he was appointed Danaher Vice President and Group Executive of the Product ID Platform. Prior to joining Danaher, Joakim was Head of the Product Inspection Division of Mettler Toledo. Earlier in his career, he worked at ABB in a variety of leadership positions including President of a global water measurement business (that subsequently became Elster Metering), marketing, and M&A project management.
Joakim graduated with a MSc in International Business and Operations Management at the Stockholm School of Economics and has completed executive education programs at IMD (Lausanne) and Harvard Business School.
Joakim was born in Sweden. He and his family currently live in Chicago.
Brian Ellis joined Danaher as Senior Vice President and General Counsel in January 2016, bringing a wealth of experience leading and developing global legal teams and supporting business growth.
Brian leads Danaher’s global legal organization and ensures a strong culture of integrity and compliance. His areas of responsibility including corporate governance, quality assurance and regulatory affairs, sustainability, intellectual property and risk management as well as the company’s environment, health and safety group.
“Our culture, exemplified by our core values, truly unlocks the potential in our customers, businesses and associates. Our culture is a unique competitive advantage.”
Brian was most recently General Counsel of Medtronic’s Restorative Therapies Group. In previous roles, he served as Chief Compliance Officer, and later General Counsel of Monitoring Solutions and Services, at GE Healthcare. Early in his career, he was a partner in private law firms and an Assistant U.S. Attorney for the Northern District of Illinois.
Brian received his undergraduate degree from Lake Forest College and his J.D. from University of Illinois College of Law. He lives in Bethesda, Maryland with his wife, Jeanette, and three children.
Jose-Carlos (“JC”) is Senior Vice President and Chief Science Officer of Danaher. In this role, JC is responsible for setting Danaher’s science and technology strategy, supporting M&A and open innovation, and counseling Danaher’s operating companies on innovation opportunities. He leads the Danaher Innovation Centers and the Danaher Scientific Advisory Board. Working with technical leaders across Danaher, JC enables innovation best practice sharing and culture building.
“Science and technology is a powerful motivator for me and for many Danaher associates. We get up each day with a passion and goal to help solve our customers’ most complex challenges. Looking ahead the next five to ten years, we see tremendous opportunity to improve human health through scientific research and discovery.”
JC has diverse leadership experience across multiple biotech start-ups and pharmaceutical companies and deep expertise in translating new areas of science and technology into successful drug discovery and development programs and marketed drugs. Prior to Danaher, JC served as Global Head of Drug Discovery at AbbVie, Group SVP Biotherapeutics R&D at Pfizer and SVP and CEDD Head of Inmuno Inflammation at GlaxoSmithKline. JC was the founding CEO and President at Repertoire Immune Medicine where he built and led a team to decode the human immunome. Previously, he was President and CEO of Synlogic, where he led the company from early discovery to the clinical stage and to the public markets. In these global positions, he oversaw multiple drug discovery teams, resulting in five marketed drugs.
JC has a Ph.D. in immunology from the Universidad Autonoma de Madrid and trained as an immunologist in Spain, Germany and Switzerland. He started his academic career as Assistant Professor of Genetics at Harvard Medical School. He has authored more than 150 peer-reviewed publications.
As Senior Vice President, Strategic Development, Bill King oversees market development, deal sourcing and commercial diligence, with responsibility for the company’s strategic planning process, including tools and training. He partners closely with Daniel Raskas and the Corporate Development team to drive growth in our existing businesses through mergers and acquisitions.
Bill joined Danaher in 1998 and has served as Managing Director of the Special Purpose Systems Motion Control Group, as well as Vice President of Sales and Marketing for the Motion Control Group.
“Innovation defines our future, and we are continuously looking for opportunities to improve our customers’ workflows, and deliver meaningful innovation in hardware, software and consumables. We’re looking and acting in the places where innovation is most effective and really drives us forward.”
Before joining Danaher, Bill held positions of increasing responsibility in live production and logistics for Perdue, Inc. He has an M.B.A. from Harvard Business School and a B.S. in Economics from University of Maryland.
Georgeann Couchara is Senior Vice President, Human Resources at Danaher where she is responsible for acquiring, developing and engaging the diverse talent needed to support Danaher’s business strategies and objectives.
She brings to this role more than 20 years of business and human resource expertise and has overseen every aspect of the associate life cycle. She is passionate about helping to explore potential paths forward for building business capability in the areas of people analytics, organization design and further integration of DBS into Human Resources to drive real business impact.
Georgeann has been with Danaher for 18 years, leading HR teams at the operating company, platform and corporate levels. Most recently, she served as Vice President, Talent, where she was responsible for setting the vision and plan to address Danaher's evolving global talent needs.
Georgeann earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Applied Psychology and a Master of Arts in Industrial and Labor Relations from Indiana University of Pennsylvania, as well as a Master of Business Administration degree from Georgetown University in Washington, D.C.
"Only the best companies with the best leaders can attract, retain and engage talent while growing culture and driving world-class performance."
As Senior Vice President, Corporate Development, Daniel Raskas leads mergers and acquisitions in partnership with Bill King and oversees investment activity, including identification, valuation, due diligence, contract strategy and negotiations.
Daniel joined Danaher in 2004, originally serving as Vice President of Corporate Development, and was promoted to his current role in 2010. Throughout his tenure, he has led business development across the company and overseen a number of major acquisitions, including Beckman Coulter, Pall and Cytiva.
Before joining Danaher, Daniel was a partner at Thayer Capital Partners, a private equity firm focused on buyout and growth equity investments in the middle market. He also served as an associate at Arnold & Porter LLP for several years, where he specialized in transactional work including M&A and public offerings.
Daniel received a B.A. in Government from Harvard College, an M.B.A. from Columbia University School of International and Public Affairs, and a J.D. from Harvard Law School.
Rainer Blair is the President and Chief Executive Officer of Danaher Corporation. Beginning September 2020, Rainer has led Danaher’s $29.5B global, multi-industry portfolio of businesses. With the help of Danaher’s 80,000 global associates, he is focused on further strengthening Danaher’s position as a leading science and technology company.
Ms. Hefner Filler served as President of Retail Products, Chief Marketing Officer and Chief Merchandising Officer of Walgreen Co., a national drugstore chain, from January 2015 to April 2017. From March 2013 until June 2014, Ms. Hefner Filler served as President, North America of Claire’s Stores, Inc., a specialty retailer; from May 2007 to June 2012, as Executive Vice President of Wal-Mart Stores Inc., an operator of retail stores and warehouse clubs, and from April 2009 to June 2012 also as Chief Merchandising Officer for Sam’s Club, a division of Wal-Mart; and from May 2004 through December 2006, as Executive Vice President—Global Strategy for Kraft Foods Inc., a food and beverage company.
Ms. Hefner Filler has served in senior management roles with leading retail and consumer goods companies, with general management responsibilities and responsibilities in the areas of marketing, branding and merchandising. Understanding and responding to the needs of our customers is fundamental to Danaher’s business strategy, and Ms. Hefner Filler’s keen marketing and branding insights have been a valuable resource to Danaher’s Board. Her prior leadership experiences with large public companies have given her valuable perspective for matters of global portfolio strategy and capital allocation as well as global business practices.
Ms. List served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Gap Inc., a global clothing retailer, from January 2017 until March 2020. Prior to joining Gap, she served as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Dick’s Sporting Goods, Inc., a sporting goods retailer, from August 2015 to August 2016, and with Kraft Foods Group, Inc., a food and beverage company, as Advisor from March 2015 to May 2015, as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer from December 2013 to February 2015 and as Senior Vice President of Finance from September 2013 to December 2013. From 1994 to September 2013, Ms. List served in a series of progressively more responsible positions in the accounting and finance organization of The Procter & Gamble Company, a consumer goods company, most recently as Senior Vice President and Treasurer. Prior to joining Procter & Gamble, Ms. List was employed by the accounting firm of Deloitte & Touche for almost ten years. Ms. List is a member of the board of directors of Microsoft Corporation.
Ms. List’s experience dealing with complex finance and accounting matters for Gap, Dick’s, Kraft and Procter & Gamble have given her an appreciation for and understanding of the similarly complex finance and accounting matters that Danaher faces. In addition, through her leadership roles with large, global companies she has insight into the business practices that are critical to the success of a large, growing public company such as Danaher.
Mr. Lohr was a partner of Hogan Lovells, a global law firm, for over five years until retiring in June 2012, and has also served on the boards of private and non-profit organizations.
Prior to his tenure at Hogan Lovells, Mr. Lohr served as assistant attorney general for the State of Maryland. He has extensive experience advising companies in a broad range of transactional matters, including mergers and acquisitions, contests for corporate control and securities offerings. His extensive knowledge of the legal strategies, issues and dynamics that pertain to mergers and acquisitions and capital raising has been a critical resource for Danaher given the importance of its acquisition program.
Dr. Mega has served as Chief Medical and Scientific Officer at Verily Life Sciences LLC, a subsidiary of Alphabet Inc. focused on life sciences and healthcare, since March 2015. Prior to joining Verily, she served as Cardiologist and Senior Investigator at Brigham & Women’s Hospital from 2008 to March 2015. Dr. Mega has also served as a faculty member at Harvard Medical School and a senior investigator with the TIMI Study Group, where she helped lead international trials evaluating novel cardiovascular therapies and directed the genetics program.
Dr. Mega oversees Verily’s clinical and science efforts, focusing on translating technological innovations and scientific insights into partnerships and programs that improve patient outcomes. Dr. Mega’s clinical background and experience re-imagining how clinical trial data is collected and analyzed offer valuable insights for Danaher, given our strategic focus on life sciences and healthcare applications. Dr. Mega was originally proposed to the Nominating and Governance Committee for election as a director by one of the Company’s management directors.
Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served as Chairman of the Executive Committee of Danaher since 1984. He was also President of the Company from 1984 to 1990. Mr. Rales is also a member of the board of directors of each of Colfax Corporation and Fortive Corporation, and is a brother of Steven M. Rales.
The strategic vision and leadership of Mr. Rales and his brother, Steven Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of the Company’s shareholders.
Mr. Rales is a co-founder of Danaher and has served as Danaher’s Chairman of the Board since 1984. He was also CEO of the Company from 1984 to 1990. Mr. Rales is also a member of the board of directors of Fortive Corporation, and is a brother of Mitchell P. Rales.
The strategic vision and leadership of Mr. Rales and his brother, Mitchell Rales, helped create the Danaher Business System and have guided Danaher down a path of consistent, profitable growth that continues today. In addition, as a result of his substantial ownership stake in Danaher, he is well-positioned to understand, articulate and advocate for the rights and interests of the Company’s shareholders.
Dr. Sabeti has served as an Investigator for the Howard Hughes Medical Institute (“HHMI”), a non-profit medical research organization, since November 2015. Dr. Sabeti is a professor at both the Center for Systems Biology and the Department of Organismic and Evolutionary Biology at Harvard University and the Department of Immunology and Infectious Disease at Harvard School of Public Health. She is an Institute Member of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard.
Dr. Sabeti is a computational geneticist with expertise developing new experimental technologies and computational algorithms to investigate the genomes of humans and infectious microbes. Her expertise in infectious disease research offers significant value to Danaher as we seek to develop research tools for use in determining the causes of disease, identification of new therapies and testing of new drugs and vaccines. Dr. Sabeti was originally proposed to the Nominating and Governance Committee for election as a director by one of the Company’s management directors.
Mr. Sanders is currently Senior Vice President of Business Transformation at Verizon Communications Inc. (NYSE: VZ). Since joining Verizon in 1997, he has served in a series of progressively more responsible leadership positions including as Senior Vice President of Corporate Finance from 2015 to 2020. Prior to joining Verizon, Mr. Sanders served in various finance roles at Hallmark Cards, Inc. and Safelite Glass Corporation, and began his career at Grant Thornton in 1984. Mr. Sanders earned his B.S. in Accounting from Oklahoma City University and his M.B.A. from Rockhurst University, and he is a Certified Public Accountant.
Mr. Spoon has served as a consultant to Polaris Partners, a company that invests in private technology and life science firms, since January 2019, after serving as Partner Emeritus of Polaris Partners from January 2015 to December 2018, Managing General Partner from 2000 to 2010 and Partner from May 2000 to December 2018. Mr. Spoon is also a member of the board of directors of each of Fortive Corporation, IAC/InterActiveCorp., Match Group, Inc. and Cable One, Inc. The Board has concluded that Mr. Spoon’s service on the boards of four other publicly-traded companies does not interfere with his ability to serve effectively as a Danaher director. The Board took into account in particular that one of the other companies on whose board he sits (IACInterActiveCorp.) owns more than 80% of another company on whose board he sits (Match Group, Inc.).
In addition to his leadership roles at Polaris Partners, Mr. Spoon has previously served as president, chief operating officer and chief financial officer of one of the country’s largest, publicly-traded education and media companies, and has served on the boards of numerous public and private companies. His public company leadership experience gives him insight into business strategy, leadership and executive compensation and his public company and private equity experience give him insight into technology and life science trends, acquisition strategy and financing, each of which represents an area of key strategic opportunity for the Company.
Mr. Schwieters has served as Principal of Perseus TDC, a real estate investment and development firm, since July 2013. He also served as a Senior Executive of Perseus, LLC, a merchant bank and private equity fund management company, from May 2012 to June 2016 and as Senior Advisor from March 2009 to May 2012.
In addition to his roles with Perseus, Mr. Schwieters led the Mid-Atlantic region of one of the world’s largest accounting firms after previously leading that firm’s tax practice in the Mid-Atlantic region, and has served on the boards and chaired the audit committees of several NYSE-listed public companies. He brings to Danaher extensive knowledge and experience in the areas of public accounting, tax accounting and finance, which are areas of critical importance to Danaher as a large, global and complex public company.
Professor Stevens has served as Provost Professor of Biological Sciences and Chemistry, and Director of The Bridge Institute, at the University of Southern California, a private research university, since July 2014, and as Chief Executive Officer of ShouTi, a biotechnology company, since May 2019. From 1999 until July 2014, he served as Professor of Molecular Biology and Chemistry with The Scripps Research Institute, a non-profit research organization. Professor Stevens is also Founding Director of the iHuman Institute at ShanghaiTech University, and has launched multiple biotechnology companies focused on drug discovery.
Professor Stevens is considered among the world’s most influential biomedical scientists in molecular research. A pioneer in human cellular behavior research, he has been involved in the creation of therapeutic molecules that led to breakthrough drugs aimed at curing influenza, childhood diseases, neuromuscular disorders and diabetes. Professor Stevens’ insights in the area of molecular research, as well as his experience bringing industry and academia together to advance drug development, are highly beneficial to Danaher given our strategic focus on the development of research tools used to understand the causes of disease, identify new therapies and test new drugs and vaccines. His extensive experience living and working in China is also valuable to Danaher given China’s strategic significance to our business.
Dr. Zerhouni served as President, Global Research & Development, for Sanofi S.A., a global pharmaceutical company, from 2011 to June 2018. From 2008 until 2011, he provided advisory and consulting services to various non-profit and other organizations as Chairman and President of Zerhouni Holdings. From 2002 to 2008, Dr. Zerhouni served as director of the National Institutes of Health, and from 1996 to 2002, he served as Chair of the Russell H. Morgan Department of Radiology and Radiological Sciences, Vice Dean for Research and Executive Vice Dean of the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine.
Dr. Zerhouni, a physician, scientist and world-renowned leader in radiology research, is widely viewed as one of the leading authorities in the United States on emerging trends and issues in medicine and medical care. These insights, as well as his deep, technical knowledge of the research and clinical applications of medical technologies, are of considerable importance given Danaher’s strategic focus in the medical technologies markets. Dr. Zerhouni’s government experience also gives him a strong understanding of how government agencies work, and his experience growing up in North Africa, together with the global nature of the issues he faced at NIH and his role at France-based Sanofi, give him a global perspective that is valuable to Danaher.
Sangeeta N. Bhatia MD, PhD is an inventor, Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor and biotech entrepreneur who adapts technologies developed in the computer industry for medical innovation. At MIT, she is the John J. and Dorothy Wilson Professor of Engineering, Director of the Marble Center for Cancer Nanomedicine at the Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research, and Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute. Trained as both a physician and engineer, Sangeeta’s laboratory leverages miniaturization tools from the computer industry for medical innovation with applications in liver disease, cancer and infectious diseases. She and her over 150 trainees have contributed to more than 50 issued or pending patents, launched multiple biotechnology companies to improve human health, and published more than 200 peer-reviewed papers.
Bhatia was the 25th person in history to be an elected member of all three US National Academies: NAS, NAM, and NAE. She has been honored with the Lemelson-MIT Prize (known as the “Oscar” for inventors), the Heinz Medal, and the Othmer Gold Medal for groundbreaking inventions and advocacy for women in STEM fields. She has presented her vision for the application of engineering solutions to solve medical problems on international stages such as the World Economic Forum, TED, the Gates Grand Challenges, and the Biden Cancer Moonshot. She currently serves as a Trustee at Brown University and Director at Vertex Pharmaceuticals.
James J. Collins is the Termeer Professor of Medical Engineering & Science and Professor of Biological Engineering at MIT, as well as a Member of the Harvard-MIT Health Sciences & Technology Faculty. He is also a Core Founding Faculty member of the Wyss Institute for Biologically Inspired Engineering at Harvard University, and an Institute Member of the Broad Institute of MIT and Harvard. He is one of the founders of the field of synthetic biology, and his research group is currently focused on using synthetic biology to create next-generation diagnostics and therapeutics.
The Collins research group works in synthetic biology and systems biology, with a particular focus on using network biology approaches to study antibiotic action, bacterial defense mechanisms, and the emergence of resistance.
Professor Collins' patented technologies have been licensed by over 25 biotech, pharma and medical devices companies, and he has helped to launch a number of companies, including Synlogic and Sherlock Biosciences. He has received numerous awards and honors, including a Rhodes Scholarship and a MacArthur "Genius" Award, and he is an elected member of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Engineering, and the National Academy of Medicine.
Angela M. Caliendo, M.D., Ph.D. is the Warren Alpert Foundation Professor of Medicine and Executive Vice Chair of the Department of Medicine at the Warren Alpert Medical School of Brown University. Dr. Caliendo received a Ph.D. (Biochemistry) and M.D. from Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine and completed an internship and residency in Internal Medicine at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston, MA and an Infectious Diseases fellowship at Massachusetts General Hospital, Boston MA.
Dr. Caliendo’s research has focused on the development of molecular diagnostic tests for the detection and quantification of infectious diseases and assessment of their clinical utility; molecular testing in transplantation; standardization of viral load testing; and evaluation of HIV-1 RNA burden and the development of antiretroviral resistance in HIV-1 seropositive women.
Dr. Caliendo is an Editor for the Journal of Clinical Microbiology, Secretary for the Infectious Diseases Society of America, a Fellow of the Infectious Diseases Society of America and the American Academy of Microbiology. Dr. Caliendo has published over 160 peer-reviewed manuscripts covering various topics in clinical and diagnostic virology and microbiology.
Rob Hershberg, M.D., Ph.D. is a Venture Partner on the Frazier Life Sciences team with over 25 years of experience as a physician, scientist, and entrepreneur.
Rob joined Frazier Healthcare Partners' Life Sciences team as a Senior Advisor in 2015 and rejoined the team as a Venture Partner in 2020.
Rob has been working with Frazier and its portfolio companies as an Entrepreneur-in-Residence, Senior Advisor, and executive for 14 years. He was formerly President and Chief Executive Officer of VentiRx Pharmaceuticals, a Frazier-founded company developing a small molecule therapeutic to activate the immune system against solid tumors. Rob co-founded VentiRx while at Frazier and led the company through its transformational partnership with Celgene. He joined Celgene in 2014 to lead their efforts in Immuno-Oncology, was promoted to Executive Vice President and Chief Scientific Officer in 2016, and was subsequently Executive Vice President and Head of Business Development & Global Alliances and served as a member of the Executive Committee until the acquisition of Celgene by Bristol- Myers Squibb in 2019.
Prior to VentiRx, Rob served as Senior Vice President and Chief Medical Officer of Dendreon Corporation and led clinical development of Provenge, which was approved for metastatic prostate cancer. Before Dendreon, he was Vice President of Medical Genetics at Corixa, a Frazier portfolio company which was acquired by GlaxoSmithKline. Earlier, Rob was an Assistant Professor at Harvard Medical School and an Associate Physician at Brigham and Women’s Hospital in Boston, MA.
Rob completed his undergraduate and medical degrees at the University of California, Los
Angeles and received his Ph.D. at the Salk Institute for Biological Studies.
Carl H. June is the Richard W. Vague Professor in Immunotherapy ,Director of the Center for Cellular Immunotherapies and Director of the Parker Institute for Cancer Immunotherapy in the Perelman School of Medicine at the University of Pennsylvania. He maintains a research laboratory that studies various mechanisms of lymphocyte activation that relate to immune tolerance and adoptive immunotherapy for cancer and chronic infection. In 2011, his research team published findings detailing a new therapy in which patients with refractory and relapsed chronic lymphocytic leukemia were treated with genetically engineered versions of their own T cells. The June laboratory has been highly productive with >500 publications, and a google scholar h-index of 161 with >104,000 citations.
The impact of this work has become widely recognized as a major turning point that is delivering on the long-held promise of cancer gene therapy. The CAR T cells invented in the June laboratory were awarded “Breakthrough Therapy” status by the FDA for acute leukemia in children and adults in 2014 and for adults with lymphoma in 2018. The CAR T cells invented in the June laboratory were approved by the FDA for acute leukemia in 2017 and afterwards, for diffuse large B cell lymphoma. These accomplishments have been recognized by the White House on several occasions.
June has published more than 500 manuscripts and is the recipient of numerous prizes and honors, including election to the Institute of Medicine, the National Academy of Sciences, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences and the American Philosophical Society. He has been awared the Paul Ehrlich and Ludwig Darmstaedter Prize (shared w J. Allison), the Novartis Prize in Immunology (shared w Z. Eshhar and S. Rosenberg), the Karl Landsteiner Memorial award, the Karnofsky Prize from the American Society of Clinical Oncology, the Albany Medical Prize, a lifetime achievement award from the Leukemia and Lymphoma Society, The Lorraine Cross Sanford Health Award for life-changing breakthroughs and innovations in medical science and The Dan David Prize.
David Rimm is a Professor in the Department of Pathology at the Yale University School of Medicine. He completed an M.D.-Ph.D. at Johns Hopkins University Medical School followed by a Pathology Residency at Yale and a Cytopathology Fellowship at the Medical College of Virginia. He is board certified in Anatomic Pathology and Cytopathology. At Yale since 1994, Dr. Rimm is the Director of Yale Pathology Tissue Services. He is a member of the Executive Team in Pathology and serves as the Director of Translational Pathology.
His lab group focuses on quantitative pathology using the AQUA® technology invented in his lab with projects related to predicting response to therapy or recurrence or metastasis in breast and lung cancer and melanoma. The technology has also been used in a series of efforts related to biospecimen science. He is also beginning efforts on new high-plex technologies, including Imaging Mass Cytometry and Digital Spatial Profiling. The work is supported by grants from the NIH, BCRF, and sponsored research agreements from biotech and pharma.
He is a member of a number of correlative science committees for multi-institutional breast cancer clinical trials including SWOG, ALLTO, and TEACH. He also serves on the Molecular Oncology committee for the College of American Pathologists (CAP). He is an author of over 380 peer-reviewed papers and 8 patents. He has served on advisory boards for Amgen, Lilly, Novartis, Astra Zeneca, BMS, Cepeid, Perkin Elmer, Dako, Ventana, PAIGE.AI and Cell Signaling Technology. He was a scientific co-founder of HistoRx, a digital pathology company (sold to Genoptix in 2012) and Metamark Genetics, a prognostic determinant company.
Phillip A. Sharp is an Institute Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and member of the Department of Biology and the Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research. He joined the Center for Cancer Research (now the Koch Institute) in 1974 and served as its director for six years, from 1985 to 1991, before taking over as head of the Department of Biology, a position he held for the next eight years. He was founding director of the McGovern Institute, a position he held from 2000 to 2004.
His research interests have centered on the molecular biology of gene expression relevant to cancer and the mechanisms of RNA splicing. Dr. Sharp has authored over 430 papers. He is an elected member of the National Academy of Sciences, the National Academy of Medicine, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the American Philosophical Society, and the Royal Society, UK. Among his many awards are the Nobel Prize in physiology or Medicine, Gairdner Foundation International Award, the Lasker Basic Medical Research Award, and the National Medal of Science. His long list of service includes the presidency of the AAAS (2013) and Chair of the Scientific Advisory Committee of the SU2C Project, AACR.
A native of Kentucky, Dr. Sharp earned a BA degree from Union College, Barbourville, KY, and a Ph.D. in chemistry from the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign. Dr. Sharp is a co-founder of Biogen (1978) and served as a member of the Board of Directors (1982–2009) and as Chair of the Scientific Advisory Board. He is also a co-founder of Alnylam Pharmaceuticals Inc. (2002) and continues to serve as a member of the Board of Directors and Chair of the Scientific Advisory Board. Dr. Sharp consults and serves on boards of other biotechnology companies.
Thomas Christian Südhof, M.D., is the Avram Goldstein Professor in the School of Medicine at Stanford University and Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute.
He was born in Göttingen, Germany, obtained his M.D. and doctoral degrees from the University of Göttingen in 1982. He performed his doctoral thesis work at the Max-Planck-Institut für biophysikalische Chemie in Göttingen with Prof. Victor P. Whittaker on the biophysical structure of secretory granules. From 1983-1986, Südhof trained as a postdoctoral fellow with Drs. Mike Brown and Joe Goldstein at UT Southwestern in Dallas, TX, and elucidated the structure, expression and cholesterol-dependent regulation of the LDL receptor gene. Südhof began his independent career as an assistant professor at UT Southwestern in 1986.
When Dr. Südhof started his laboratory, he decided to switch from cholesterol metabolism to neuroscience, and to pursue a molecular characterization of synaptic transmission. His work initially focused on the mechanism of neurotransmitter release which is the first step in synaptic transmission, and whose molecular basis was completely unknown in 1986. Later on, Südhof's work increasingly turned to the analysis of synapse formation and specification, processes that mediate the initial assembly of synapses, regulate their maintenance and elimination, and determine their properties. Südhof served on the faculty of UT Southwestern in Dallas until 2008, and among others was the founding chair of the Department of Neuroscience at that institution. In 2008, Südhof moved to Stanford, and became the Avram Goldstein Professor in the School of Medicine at Stanford University. In addition, Südhof has been an Investigator of the Howard Hughes Medical Institute since 1986.
He is an elected member of the National Academy of Sciences (2002) and the American Academy of Arts and Sciences (2010) In 2013, Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.
David R. Walt, Ph.D. is the Hansjörg Wyss Professor of Bioinspired Engineering at Harvard Medical School and Professor of Pathology at Harvard Medical School and Brigham and Women’s Hospital, is a Core Faculty Member of the Wyss Institute at Harvard University and is a Howard Hughes Medical Institute Professor. Previously, he was University Professor at Tufts University. His laboratory pioneered the development of microwell arrays, which revolutionized the field of genetic analysis. Dr. Walt’s laboratory also introduced the idea of digital protein detection by developing a high throughput technology for performing single molecule analysis. Dr. Walt’s research is aimed at applying new technologies to address unmet clinical diagnostics needs.
Dr. Walt is the Scientific Founder of Illumina Inc., Quanterix Corp., and has co-founded several other life sciences startups including Ultivue, Inc., Arbor Biotechnologies, Sherlock Biosciences, and Vizgen, Inc. He has received numerous national and international awards and honors for his fundamental and applied work in the field of optical microwell arrays and single molecules. He is a member of the National Academy of Engineering, the National Academy of Medicine, a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, a Fellow of the American Institute for Medical and Biological Engineering, a Fellow of the National Academy of Inventors, and is inducted in the US National Inventors Hall of Fame.