Who We Are
We are a global science and technology innovator committed to helping customers solve complex challenges and improving quality of life around the world.
These are the moments that make a difference. Performing a delicate operation on an unborn baby. Helping a teenager smile with confidence. Minimizing waste at every step in the global food supply chain. Protecting our oceans.
These are the innovative technologies and companies making a difference. Powerful microscopes from Leica Microsystems providing the detailed imaging and brilliant illumination required for the most challenging surgeries. Advanced implants from Nobel Biocare making permanent dental treatment possible. Esko’s support of sustainable packaging design that reduces carbon footprint, protects against contamination and extends shelf life. Sea-Bird Scientific’s critical sensing technologies help scientists better understand our oceans and protect global marine ecosystems and the industries that rely on them.
As part of Danaher, these diverse companies come together with a single shared purpose.
We are a science and technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges, and improving quality of life around the world.
A global family of more than 20 operating companies, we drive meaningful innovation in some of today’s most dynamic, growing industries. With operating companies based around the world—from California to Copenhagen—our groundbreaking businesses transform the fields of diagnostics, life sciences, dental care, and environmental and applied solutions by:
- improving patient health through powerful tools that increase diagnostic confidence
- advancing scientific research to illuminate the causes of disease and pave the way to new, life-saving treatments
- improving dental outcomes and patient care around the world
- ensuring the freshness, dosages and safety of food, pharmaceuticals and consumer goods
- protecting our global water supply and promoting environmental stewardship
We are a team of 59,000 dedicated associates who are Helping Realize Life’s Potential every day by bringing our diverse skills, backgrounds, and perspectives together to make a difference.
The Danaher Story
The inspiration for a new kind of company, and our evolution into a global science and technology innovator.
Our Shared Purpose and Core Values
Our powerful Shared Purpose—Helping Realize Life’s Potential—and Core Values have made us who we are today and will guide us into the future.
Leadership Team
With a range of powerful development opportunities, Danaher is the ideal environment for career growth. Many of our top leaders have grown their careers right here, while simultaneously helping to shape our culture, values and operating system.
Diversity and Inclusion
Workplace diversity deepens our understanding of the markets and customers we serve and helps us grow. Creating and sustaining a culture of diversity and inclusion is one of our top priorities, and our commitment to continuous improvement ensures we always strive to be better.