Overview |
Business Strategy |
Operational Highlights |
Operating Areas
Production and Reserves Data | Focused on Increasing Oil Mix | Executive Officers | Contact Information
March 2016
Download PDF
Overview
EOG Resources, Inc. is one of the largest independent (non-integrated) crude oil and natural gas companies in the United States with proved reserves in the United States, Trinidad, the United Kingdom and China. EOG Resources is listed on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) and is traded under the ticker symbol “EOG.”
EOG’s strategy is to get the best rates of return by controlling operating and capital costs and maximizing reserve recoveries. The strategy is intended to enhance cash flow and earnings from each unit of production on a cost-effective basis, thus allowing the company to deliver long-term shareholder value while maintaining a strong balance sheet. The company emphasizes the drilling of internally generated prospects in order to find and develop low-cost reserves. EOG strives to maintain the lowest possible operating cost structure that is consistent with prudent and safe operations.
As of December 31, 2015, EOG’s total estimated net proved reserves were 2,118 million barrels of oil equivalent (MMBoe) and were comprised of 52 percent crude oil and condensate, 18 percent natural gas liquids (NGLs) and 30 percent natural gas. Approximately 97 percent of these reserves were located in the United States.
EOG’s total worldwide production in 2015 was 209 MMBoe.
- Focus on high rate-of-return, premium drilling opportunities
- Maintain a strong balance sheet
- Grow by drilling low-cost, internally generated prospects rather than through acquisitions
- Capture an early-mover advantage in key resource plays
- Increase the percentage of crude oil in EOG’s portfolio, emphasizing U.S. production
Top of Page
2015 Operational Highlights
- Added 1.6 billion barrels of oil equivalent (BnBoe) net resource potential in Bakken and Delaware Basin
- Achieved 192 percent proved reserve replacement, excluding revisions due to price
- Identified more than six times as many new net well locations as drilled in 2015
- Realized highest production volume per employee in peer group
- Led the industry in number of horizontal wells with production rates greater than 1,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (MBoed)
- Noted for U.S. Lower 48 horizontal wells with 30-day peak production rates that are two times higher than the industry average
Operating Areas
Top of Page
2015 Production and Proved Reserve Data
|Production (MBoed)
|Net Proved Reserves (MMBoe)
|United States
|507.9
|2,052
|Trinidad
|59.1
|Other International (China, United Kingdom and Argentina)
|5.2
|Total Company
|572.2
|2,118
Focused on Increasing Oil Mix
- Largest onshore crude oil producer in the Lower 48 United States
- Largest crude oil producer in the Eagle Ford and in the state of Texas
- One of the largest crude oil producers in the Bakken/Three Forks in North Dakota
- Holds a large, premier position in the Permian Delaware Basin in West Texas and
New Mexico
SEC Filings
Executive Officers
William R. Thomas
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
Gary L. Thomas
President and Chief Operating Officer
Lloyd W. Helms, Jr.
Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production
David W. Trice
Executive Vice President, Exploration and Production
Contact Information
EOG Corporate Headquarters
1111 Bagby, Sky Lobby 2
Houston, TX 77002
P.O. Box 4362
Houston, TX 77210-4362
(713) 651-7000
Toll Free: (877) 363-3647
Cedric Burgher
Senior Vice President, Investor and Public Relations
David Streit
Director, Investor Relations
Kim Ehmer
Manager, Investor Relations
K Leonard
Manager, Public Relations
Top of Page