Leon Hess, age 19, forms Hess Incorporated; purchases a 1926 second-hand 615-gallon oil delivery truck and begins residential delivery, seven days a week, near his home in Asbury Park, N.J.
Recognizing that large power companies are switching from coal to oil, Leon Hess purchases five additional trucks and expands his business to include post-refinery residual fuel oil.
First oil terminal site purchased in Perth Amboy, N.J. with facilities to unload barges. Facilities for unloading tankers added three years later.
Hess expands its distribution and storage capacities, applying lessons learned by Mr. Hess during his U.S. Army experience during World War II as a petroleum supply officer, and his knowledge of the industry.
Hess purchases first ship, a 10,000-ton tanker.
Oil was first discovered in North Dakota in 1951 by Amerada Petroleum, which later became part of Hess Corporation. Since then Hess has become a top operator in the state.
Hess builds its refinery in Port Reading, N.J., adding a Fluid Catalytic Cracking unit in 1961.
The first Hess-operated gas station opens in New Jersey.
Hess merges with Cletrac Corporation, a Cleveland, Ohio equipment manufacturer, becomes Hess Oil & Chemical Corporation and is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange.
The first Hess Toy Truck – a toy tanker that can be filled with water and empties through its delivery hose – is offered exclusively at Hess gas stations. Hess begins an annual tradition of offering Hess truck replicas to provide a fun, high quality and affordable toy for families during the holiday season.
Toy trucks are now sold online at HessToyTruck.com
Hess Oil & Chemical completes construction of a large refinery on St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands. In 1998, the company forms a partnership with Venezuela’s national oil company, Petroleos de Venezuela, and renames the facility HOVENSA. In 2012 HOVENSA announces it is closing the refinery.
Hess Oil & Chemical Corporation merges with Amerada Petroleum Corporation to become Amerada Hess. By May the following year the company drills its first successful wildcat well in Prudhoe Bay in Alaska’s North Slope.
Amerada Hess continues to expand its global Exploration and Production profile, adding significant positions in the Gulf of Mexico and the North Sea as well as onshore in the United States (including the Jay Field Processing Plant, Santa Rosa County, Florida, shown).
With the acquisition of nearly 110,000 acres of land near Williston, the company begins building its position in North Dakota, an asset that will continue to grow and add value for decades to follow.
Leon Hess retires after six decades of leadership. John B. Hess is named Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Amerada Hess.
Exploration and Production continue to be the engine of corporate growth. The company completes development of five high rate of return oil and gas fields in the Gulf of Mexico, the North Sea and Asia Pacific.
Amerada Hess purchases Triton Energy Limited, and with it a world-class growth opportunity in Equatorial Guinea and a long-term, long reserve-to-production life asset in the Malaysia/Thailand joint development area.
The company changes its name from “Amerada Hess Corporation” to “Hess Corporation.”
Hess establishes a leading position in shale oil and gas exploration and production with two acquisitions that boost the company's acreage in North Dakota's Bakken formation.
Hess builds a strategic acreage position in Ohio's Utica Shale through acquisition and joint venture agreements.
Transformation Complete
Hess completes multi-year transformation to an exploration and production company. The company exits all downstream operations and generates approximately $13 billion from assets sales beginning in 2013.
Gas Plant Expansion
Hess completes a $1.5 billion expansion of the Tioga Gas Plant, more than doubling its operational capacity. The project significantly increases production, improves efficiency and reduces the amount of natural gas flared at Hess' operations.
Hess announces positive results from the Liza-2 exploration well in the Stabroek Block offshore Guyana, confirming a world-class oil discovery and positioning Hess for a decade plus of resource and production growth.
North Malay Basin
The North Malay Basin full field development, offshore Malaysia, achieves first production.
Hess Midstream Partners
Hess Midstream Partners LP completes an upsized initial public offering. Hess Midstream is a fee-based, growth-oriented traditional master limited partnership formed in 2015 to own, operate, develop and acquire a diverse set of midstream assets to provide services to Hess and third-party customers.
Startup of production from the Liza Field, offshore Guyana, is achieved less than five years after the first discovery of hydrocarbons and well ahead of the industry average for deepwater developments. Liza Phase 1 is the first of multiple offshore development projects planned in the Stabroek Block.