Prices, Promotions, styles, and availability may vary. Our local stores do not honor online pricing. Prices and availability of products and services are subject to change without notice. Errors will be corrected where discovered, and Lowe's reserves the right to revoke any stated offer and to correct any errors, inaccuracies or omissions including after an order has been submitted.
Lowe’s is proud to support the military community. Our Everyday Military Discount is just one of the ways we say thank you.
Lowe’s offers a 10% Everyday Military Discount on most full-price items to extend our gratitude to those who have served or are currently serving our country in the US armed forces.
Your Everyday Military Discount has no annual limit. So whether you’re renovating your kitchen or just picking up charcoal for your next barbecue, you can enjoy instant savings.
Lowe’s partners with ID.me to verify discount eligibility in real time, so you can sign up quickly and start saving.
Whether you’re selecting the perfect shade of paint in store or comparing power tools from the comfort of your couch, the Everyday Military Discount is there for you.
Military spouses are pillars of stability, joy and strength. Your Everyday Military Discount extends to your spouse in appreciation for everything they do.
Dedicated veteran parking spots welcome the military community into each of our stores.
Lowe’s is an employer of choice for transitioning veterans and military spouses. We’re honored to employ nearly 26,000 associates from the military community.
Lowe’s is proud to be ranked among the top five military-friendly brands in the US for 2022 by Military Friendly.
*Discount applies to eligible items only, cannot be combined with other promotions, discounts, or markdowns, on previous purchases, services, or gift cards, and is for personal use only. Lowe’s reserves the right to change eligibility requirements or terminate the discount program at any time, with or without prior notice to eligible participants. Any changes will be effective immediately, and participants waive any right to receive specific notice of such changes. Lowe’s reserves the right to revoke enrollment status based on alleged, suspected and/or actual evidence of misuse or fraud in our sole and absolute discretion. Offer is not redeemable for cash, is nontransferable and cannot be combined with manager-discretion price adjustments. Additional exclusions apply. See FAQ above or terms for details.
Military service members and their spouses that shop at Lowe's get rewarded with the Lowe's Military Discount. Enjoy 10% off on most full-priced items at our Lowe's stores and on Lowes.com as our way of thanking you and others that serve or have served our country in the U.S. Armed Forces. Whether you'd like a new furniture set for your living room or just need to pick up a waterproof sealant for your deck, you're entitled to Military Discounts.
Honorable members of the U.S. Armed Forces, current or former, in addition to their spouses, are eligible for the discount. The list of permitted services includes the U.S. Army, U.S. Marine Corps, U.S. Navy, U.S. Air Force, U.S. Coast Guard, U.S. Space Force, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA), U.S. Public Health Service Commissioned Corps (USPHS) and National Guard.
The Military Discount can only be applied to eligible purchases. You can't apply it to on-sale items or with any other discount. It can’t be used on any services, major appliances and related accessories and parts, commodities (such as, but not limited to, electrical cable, electrical wire, dimensional lumber, plywood, and OSB) or gift cards. See above or terms for more exclusions.