Steve Easterbrook has been President and CEO of the world’s largest restaurant company since 2015. Under his leadership, McDonald’s is now serving more customers, more often, enhancing their experience with contemporary innovations and a foundational commitment to running great restaurants.
Easterbrook led McDonald’s turnaround by sparking the evolution of its company culture. McDonald’s global system of franchisees, suppliers and employees is moving with greater speed, efficiency and purpose to satisfy the rising expectations of today’s customers. Together, they’re committed to becoming a better McDonald’s across the company’s 37,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries.
Since joining McDonald’s in 1993 as a Financial Reporting Manager in London, Easterbrook has held numerous leadership roles. He served as Global Chief Brand Officer, President of McDonald’s Europe and CEO of McDonald’s UK. Having spent time as a McDonald’s restaurant manager, he also understands how to develop company strategy that crew members and managers can execute successfully in restaurants. In addition to his more than 20 years with McDonald’s, Easterbrook briefly led two UK-based restaurant chains, PizzaExpress Limited and wagamama limited, giving him a broader industry perspective.
Easterbrook is a Chartered Accountant and serves as a visiting fellow of the Oxford University Centre for Corporate Reputation. He has a degree in natural sciences from Durham University, where he played cricket.
With an eye toward delivering a modern, progressive customer experience and strong shareholder returns, Lucy Brady oversees strategy, planning and business development for McDonald’s. She focuses on identifying new ideas and best practices that will meet and exceed customer expectations and accelerate business growth.
Brady brings a wealth of experience advising some of the world’s largest consumer, retail and franchise businesses. She has spent more than 20 years driving consumer-centered growth strategies and spearheading initiatives to improve business performance.
Brady previously worked at Boston Consulting Group where she was a senior partner and an active member of the consumer and the marketing, sales and pricing practices. She was also a passionate people team leader, serving as recruiting lead in North America and a leader on the Diversity and Inclusion Council and Women@BCG teams.
Prior to BCG, Brady worked in brand management at General Mills and as an assistant portfolio manager at the real estate firm Trammell Crow Ventures.
Brady has an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business, where she finished in the top ten percent of her class. She has an undergraduate degree in finance and economics, summa cum laude, from the Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania.
Francesca DeBiase leads the revitalization of McDonald’s sustainability vision under the platform of Scale for Good. Scale for Good demonstrates McDonald’s responsibility to take action on some of the most pressing social and environmental challenges in the world today, driving meaningful industry-wide change with the support of our franchisees and suppliers.
Francesca is also responsible for overseeing Global Supply Chain. Her team’s role is to ensure the most competitive suppliers with the right capabilities are focusing on the future needs of our customers. The team leverages the scale of our $40 billion spend in food, packaging, logistics, toys, technology, equipment and other services, while driving safety, quality and sustainability leadership in the industry.
Since joining McDonald’s in 1991, Francesca has held numerous management roles in Supply Chain and Finance in the U.S. and internationally.
Francesca is a member of the Board of Governors at the Metropolitan Planning Council and a member of the Board of Advisors for the Quinlan School of Business at Loyola University Chicago. She is also a strong advocate for women and is the Global Advisor to McDonald’s Women’s Leadership Network and a member of The Chicago Network.
She began her career with Ernst & Young and holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Economics from Loyola University Chicago. She currently resides in Oak Park, Illinois with her husband and daughter.
In a company powered by its people, David Fairhurst is strengthening McDonald’s position as a modern, progressive employer. Known for implementing innovative people practices, he places a high priority on training, education and leadership development.
Fairhurst leads global human resources and training, which make up McDonald’s People function. He is committed to transforming the culture of McDonald’s so we consistently put the customer at the center of everything we do.
Fairhurst joined McDonald’s in 2005 and has held a number of HR leadership positions, including Senior Vice President of International Human Resources and Strategy and Chief People Officer of Europe where he spearheaded HR strategy and design across 38 countries.
Prior to joining McDonald’s, Fairhurst held senior roles leading talent functions at H J Heinz, SmithKline Beecham and Tesco. He is a former Commissioner for the UK Commission for Employment and Skills and for four consecutive years (2008-2011) was voted the UK's ‘Most Influential HR Practitioner’ by readers of HR Magazine. In 2012, he was awarded the magazine’s first ever Lifetime Achievement Award for an HR Practitioner.
Fairhurst earned a bachelor’s degree from Lancaster University and a master’s degree in Strategic Human Resources Management from Manchester Metropolitan University. He has honorary doctorate degrees from Middlesex University and from Manchester Metropolitan University, where he is a visiting professor at the business school.
Robert Gibbs draws on his background as a leading communications and policy strategist to deliver clear and compelling messages about McDonald’s. He leads McDonald’s corporate relations teams, including corporate communications, government relations and external communications. His outside perspective is a valuable asset as McDonald’s strives to become a modern, progressive burger company.
Having worked with reporters and policymakers from around the world, even standing on the firing line with the White House Press Corps daily for more than two years, Gibbs brings experience from the highest level of the public arena. He was Press Secretary during President Barack Obama’s first two years in office, and served as a valued advisor to the President on policy and political matters critical to the Obama Administration. His campaign experience includes key roles in Obama’s presidential campaigns and Senatorial campaign, as well as a number of Senate races throughout the country.
Gibbs also has a deep understanding of the public issues impacting brands. Most recently, he co-founded and led The Incite Agency, a communications firm to help companies further their business goals and enhance their reputations. He was also a contributor to NBC News and a speaker for The Harry Walker Agency, Inc., the world’s leading speakers’ agency.
Gibbs earned a bachelor’s degree in Political Science from North Carolina State University.
Before becoming Corporate General Counsel and Secretary in 2017, Krulewitch spent fifteen years becoming well-versed in the challenges facing McDonald’s in various leadership positions with increasing responsibilities, including: Vice President, Litigation (2002-2005), Senior Vice President, General Counsel – Americas (2005-2011), and, most recently, Senior Vice President, Global Legal Operations (2011-2017).
During his tenure with McDonald’s, Krulewitch has leveraged his significant litigation experience to lead McDonald’s through various brand challenges related to McDonald’s core business. In addition, he played a leadership role for two of the most significant franchising transactions in McDonald’s history by driving the strategy, selection of and negotiation with key strategic partners to franchise almost 4,000 restaurants in China, Hong Kong and Latin America. Krulewitch provides thoughtful insight based upon his positions on the Boards of Directors for various organizations, including the Board of Metropolitan Family Services as well as the Constitutional Rights Foundation of Chicago.
Krulewitch was a litigation partner at Winston & Strawn and spent a decade as an Assistant United States Attorney in the Northern District of Illinois prior to joining McDonald’s.
Krulewitch earned a Bachelor of Science degree from University of Illinois in Accounting and a Juris Doctor from the Northwestern School of Law.
Using McDonald’s brand power to reach customers in meaningful ways, Silvia Lagnado manages our brand on a global scale. She oversees Global Marketing which encompasses Brand development, Menu Strategy, Consumer and Business Insights, as well as Media, Merchandising and CRM.
Lagnado brings significant experience setting the marketing vision for brands. Most recently, she pioneered successful brand-building strategies as Chief Marketing Officer of Bacardi Limited. She also spent more than 20 years in positions of increasing responsibility at Unilever, including high-level experience marketing food as Executive Vice President of the Savoury business unit.
Regarded as a trailblazer in the marketing industry, Lagnado created Dove’s Real Beauty Campaign – one of the most awarded advertising campaigns in history. She has also been recognized by Ad Age as one of its “100 Most Influential Women in Advertising”, by the Wall Street Journal as one of the “Top 50 Women to Watch”, Fortune’s “50 Most Powerful Latina Women” and Nation’s Restaurant News The Power List”.
Having served as non-executive director on several boards in the UK, Brazil and the U.S., Lagnado has provided a leadership perspective in an array of industries around the world.
Lagnado earned a bachelor’s degree in Civil Engineering from the University of Sao Paulo.
Kevin Ozan works to position McDonald’s for long-term, enduring success. He sets financial direction and develops strategies designed to drive sustained, profitable growth for the company and enhance value for shareholders. He oversees the appropriate allocation of resources throughout the company and, at the same time, effectively manages risk through strong controls and fiscal discipline.
In his role, Ozan runs McDonald’s accounting, internal audit, treasury, tax, global business services and investor relations functions. He has broad experience through a variety of financial roles across the global business, including senior-level positions in the company's finance, investor relations and accounting departments, with assignments in both the U.S. and Europe. Most recently, he served as Senior Vice President and Corporate Controller.
Prior to joining McDonald’s in 1997, he worked for 11 years in Ernst & Young’s audit and mergers and acquisitions practices.
Ozan serves on the Board of Directors of Ronald McDonald House Charities of Chicagoland & Northwest Indiana.
He holds a Bachelor of Business Administration from the University of Michigan and a Master in Business Administration from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University.
As strategic alignment lead and Chief of Staff for the Office of the CEO, Mason works closely with McDonald's most senior leaders to drive the brand's most significant strategies across 36,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries. He also recently expanded his responsibilities as he built out our first global Transformation Office. Under his leadership, this relatively new function at McDonald's has been designed to create visibility and transparency into the most critical initiatives for McDonald's future growth.
Previously, Mason led strategy and measurement, talent management, and benefits and compensation as Vice President, Human Resources for McDonald's USA.
A 23-year McDonald's veteran, Mason led McDonald's New York Metro Region for six years as General Manager. He was responsible for leading more than 620 restaurants, owned and operated by more than 140 franchisees in one of the world's most dynamic global markets.
Mason's many years of experience in various roles have given him a strong first-hand perspective of the McDonald's business and the market's influence on customers' perception of the McDonald's brand. Mason began his career with McDonald's in 1994. His experience has spanned disciplines including human resources, franchising, operations and field service. In 2001, he was promoted to Vice President for the Pittsburgh Region, where he was responsible for the operations of more than 400 restaurants from Rochester, NY to Southern West Virginia. In 2006, Mason became the Vice President, Operations of the New York Metro Region, where he was subsequently promoted in 2007 to General Manager.
Mason has received numerous accolades for his ability to drive the business and his commitment the brand and our people. These include internal recognition such as the President's Award and East Division People Award, as well as external recognition, namely the Greater Red Bank NAACP Corporate Leadership Award.
Prior to joining McDonald's, Mason served as a Military Intelligence Officer with the U.S. Army. He earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in psychology from Western Kentucky University.
A proud family man, Mason and his wife, Toni, reside in Lake Forest, IL.
Daniel Henry is Executive Vice President and Global CIO for McDonald’s Corporation. He is responsible for the global technology portfolio at McDonald’s, ranging from our restaurant and digital technologies to the infrastructure and technology platforms that support our business. Henry also has oversight over the Global Technology Project Management Office and Information Security. His role includes management of strategic providers, which will bring more innovative restaurant and digital technology to the McDonald’s system at an even faster pace.
He works alongside McDonald’s senior leadership and leaders in markets around the world to ensure alignment on the support of the Velocity Growth Plan and how it is brought to life in restaurants through technology.
Henry has more than 20 years of experience in large-scale product development/management, ecommerce, application development, architecture, infrastructure and operations. Prior to joining McDonald’s, he was at American Airlines and responsible for all customer-facing technologies from the airline’s eCommerce platform, loyalty platform, call center platform, airport solutions, mobile app, and kiosks. He was also responsible for American’s enterprise data and enterprise architecture strategy.
Henry earned a bachelor’s degree from Cameron University, where he played football.
Shaping the future of McDonald’s restaurants, Piotr leads the Restaurant Solutions Group.
Under his leadership, Piotr’s team is responsible for real estate strategy and analytics for restaurant development, and bringing new restaurant design solutions to the global McDonald's System. Additionally, he oversees operation standards and deployment of various initiatives across markets.
During the span of his 25+ year career at McDonald’s, Piotr has held several roles, most recently serving as Vice President of Global Restaurant Development.
Since beginning his career at McDonald’s Poland in 1992, Piotr’s leadership roles have included Regional Vice President – Central Europe (2014-2015), European Vice President – Development (2012-2013), and Managing Director in Poland (2005-2012). Prior to his role as Managing Director, he held the position of Operations Director for McDonald’s Central Europe (2004-2005).
Piotr graduated from The Silesian University of Technology with his Master’s degree in Nuclear Engineering. He also holds an MBA from the University of Calgary.
Joe Erlinger leads McDonald’s International Operated Markets segment. As a member of McDonald’s Senior Leadership Team, he has overall responsibility for 16 wholly-owned markets around the world. Reporting directly to Joe are the Managing Directors for Australia, Canada, France, Germany, and the United Kingdom.
Joe began his McDonald’s journey in 2002 in Strategy and New Business Development. He quickly advanced through the ranks to become Senior Director & Special Assistant to the Chief Executive Officer of McDonald’s Corporation. He then took on regional leadership roles with increasing responsibilities for McDonald’s USA, culminating with him being named Vice President & General Manager of the Indianapolis Region comprising more than 600 restaurants across six US states.
Taking on his first international assignment in 2013, Joe became Managing Director of McDonald’s Korea, a position he held until he became Chief Financial Officer of McDonald’s High Growth Markets in 2015.
From 2016 to 2018, Joe led the High Growth segment with overall responsibility for 6,000 McDonald’s restaurants across nine key growth markets around the world including China, Hong Kong, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Russia, South Korea, Spain, and Switzerland. During his tenure as High Growth Segment President, the China and Hong Kong markets were converted to Developmental-Licensed markets in the largest re-franchising transaction completed in McDonald’s history.
Before joining McDonald’s, Joe worked in finance with AT&T Corporation. He held numerous positions within the US management consulting industry. He is also a graduate of Georgetown University in Washington, DC with a degree in Finance.
From 2013 to 2017, Joe was a governor of the American Chamber of Commerce Korea Board of Governors (Vice Chair from 2015 to 2017) and Board Member of Ronald McDonald House Charities Korea. He and his wife reside in London, England with their three children.
Ian Borden leads McDonald’s International Developmental Licensed (IDL) Markets. As a member of McDonald’s Senior Leadership Team, he has overall responsibility for over 80 markets – most of which are developmentally licensed – around the world.
Reporting directly to Ian are the five business unit leaders responsible for Asia, Japan, Middle East & Africa, Europe and Latin America that oversee the geographic groupings of these markets. These markets include Brazil, China, India and Philippines that represent the majority of McDonald’s new restaurant growth globally.
Ian has deep experience in collaborating with franchisees in markets at all stages of development around the world to drive growth and performance.
Ian spent the last 25 years at McDonald’s leading markets and functions globally. Previously, he was Vice President and Chief Financial Officer for Asia-Pacific, Middle East and Africa, which consisted of more than 10,000 McDonald’s restaurants in 39 countries.
Ian served as the Regional Vice President of Europe’s East Division and was also previously the division’s Chief Financial Officer. Ian also spent time as Managing Director of McDonald’s Ukraine, where he grew guest counts to the highest level per restaurant in the system while driving significant improvements in profitability.
He held roles of increasing responsibility with McDonald’s Russia: beginning as Director of Accounting, then becoming Controller and finally Vice President and Chief Financial Officer and was a key member of the markets senior leadership team.
Ian began his McDonald’s career in the finance department in McDonald’s Canada.
Ian is a certified Chartered Accountant and graduated with an Honors Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Waterloo in Canada. He and his wife reside in Singapore with their two sons.