About our company
We aspire to be the premier research-intensive biopharmaceutical company
Our purpose: We use the power of leading-edge science to save and improve lives around the world
For more than 130 years, we have brought hope to humanity through the development of important medicines and vaccines. We aspire to be the premier research-intensive biopharmaceutical company in the world — and today, we are at the forefront of research to deliver innovative health solutions that advance the prevention and treatment of diseases in people and animals. We foster a diverse and inclusive global workforce and operate responsibly every day to enable a safe, sustainable and healthy future for all people and communities.
Our history
The heart of our work
We believe corporate responsibility is about our health, social, environmental and economic impact on people and communities around the world.
The team that guides our passion
Our leaders focus on our purpose to use the power of leading-edge science to save and improve lives around the world. This is the foundation of everything we do.
Our company by the numbers
employeesOur culture
research and development investment in 2021Our research
total giving in 2020Our giving
Our values are driven by a desire to improve life
We’ve built a culture that embraces scientific excellence, operates with the highest standards of integrity, expands access to our products and employs a diverse workforce that values collaboration.
Our past and our future
For 130 years, we’ve focused on not just the next quarter, but the next quarter century.
Get to know us through our stories
Learn about the heartbeat of our company.View our stories
Proteins in space: taking our research to the final frontier
Merck Research Laboratories scientist Paul Reichert works with the International Space Station to drive innovationRead more
How we’re supporting the advancement of women of color at our company
We joined forces with Paradigm for Parity to help build skills and capabilities needed for senior leadership rolesRead more
Merck joins Beacon of Hope to increase diversity in clinical trials
New collaboration expands our clinical trials efforts to four Historically Black Medical School clinical trial Centers of ExcellenceRead more
‘We are encouraged to be who we are’: An LGBTQ+ colleague shares his story
Lutz Staacke talks about finding a company that appreciates him for who he isRead more
Measles: symptoms and signs
Learn more about what the measles virus is and how measles spreadsRead more
Proteins in space: taking our research to the final frontier
Merck Research Laboratories scientist Paul Reichert works with the International Space Station to drive innovationRead more
How we’re supporting the advancement of women of color at our company
We joined forces with Paradigm for Parity to help build skills and capabilities needed for senior leadership rolesRead more
Merck joins Beacon of Hope to increase diversity in clinical trials
New collaboration expands our clinical trials efforts to four Historically Black Medical School clinical trial Centers of ExcellenceRead more
‘We are encouraged to be who we are’: An LGBTQ+ colleague shares his story
Lutz Staacke talks about finding a company that appreciates him for who he isRead more
Measles: symptoms and signs
Learn more about what the measles virus is and how measles spreadsRead more
Our areas of focus
We focus on scientific innovation to deliver medicines and vaccines that may help millions of people around the world.
Oncology
We work to deliver innovations that extend and improve the lives of people with cancer.
Vaccines
Vaccines are one of the greatest public health success stories – and we’ve been discovering, developing and delivering vaccines to help prevent disease for over 100 years.
Infectious diseases
We play an important role in discovering and developing innovative medicines and vaccines to treat and prevent infectious diseases, including HIV and Ebola.
COVID-19
As a company dedicated to saving and improving lives, we have a special responsibility to help in the fight against COVID-19. We’ve been fully committed to developing an effective response to the COVID-19 pandemic since it was first recognized.
Cardio-metabolic disorders
We are determined to find solutions for the most serious chronic health challenges, such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
Discovery & development
We are pushing the boundaries in research where we can make the greatest difference, now and in the future.
Merck Animal Health
Merck Animal Health is a research-driven company that develops, manufactures and markets a broad range of veterinary medicines and services.
We offer one of the industry’s most innovative portfolios, spanning products for the prevention, treatment and control of disease in all major farm and companion animal species.
Business partnerships and public policies keep our patients in focus
Business development & licensing
We work with partners, from early-stage science to clinical-stage programs, to deliver new therapies to patients.
Policies & positions
We support public policies that advance the interests of patients, improve public health and promote access to medicines and innovation.