About our company
We invent for a more hopeful future.
We aspire to be the premier research-intensive biopharmaceutical company in the world
For 130 years, Merck (known as MSD outside of the U.S. and Canada) has been inventing for life, bringing forward medicines and vaccines for many of the world’s most challenging diseases in pursuit of our mission to save and improve lives.
We demonstrate our commitment to patients and population health by increasing access to health care through far-reaching policies, programs and partnerships.
Today, we continue to be at the forefront of research to prevent and treat diseases that threaten people and animals – including cancer, infectious diseases, such as HIV and Ebola, and emerging animal diseases.
The heart of our mission
We believe corporate responsibility is about our health, social, environmental and economic impact on people and communities around the world.
The team that guides our work
Our leaders focus on our mission to save and improve lives around the world. This is the foundation of everything we do.
Our company by the numbers
employeesOur culture
research and development investment in 2020Our research
total philanthropy in 2019Our giving
Our values are driven by a desire to improve life
We’ve built a culture that embraces scientific excellence, operates with the highest standards of integrity, expands access to our products and employs a diverse workforce that values collaboration.
Our past and our future
For 130 years, we’ve focused on not just the next quarter, but the next quarter century.
Get to know us through our stories
Learn about the heartbeat of our company.View our stories
Understanding the link between social media and health
The Alliance for Advancing Health Online will look at social media’s role in health, starting with COVID-19 vaccine confidenceRead more
Meet the team leading our COVID-19 vaccine partnership with Johnson & Johnson
How our science and manufacturing expertise and dedication to patients enable us to step up when it’s needed mostRead more
The road forward: CEOs on the return of leisure and travel
In this Teal Talks episode, leaders discuss how the cinema, restaurant and cruise industries are poised for a comeback in the era of COVID-19 vaccinationsRead more
3 ways we support the LGBTQ+ community
How we stand by our commitment to allyship both within our company and in the world at largeRead more
Why young professionals want to grow their careers with us
Our efforts to build a generationally diverse workforce earns us the top spot on Forbes’ ‘Best Employers for New Grads’ listRead more
Our areas of focus
We focus on scientific innovation to deliver medicines and vaccines that may help millions of people around the world.
Oncology
Our mission is to deliver innovations that extend and improve the lives of people with cancer.
Vaccines
Vaccines are one of the greatest public health success stories – and we’ve been discovering, developing and delivering vaccines to help prevent disease for over 100 years.
Infectious diseases
We play an important role in discovering and developing innovative medicines and vaccines to treat and prevent infectious diseases, including HIV and Ebola.
COVID-19
As a company dedicated to saving and improving lives, we have a special responsibility to help in the fight against COVID-19. We’ve been fully committed to developing an effective response to the COVID-19 pandemic since it was first recognized.
Cardio-metabolic disorders
We are determined to find solutions for the most serious chronic health challenges, such as cardiovascular disease and diabetes.
Discovery & development
We are pushing the boundaries in research where we can make the greatest difference, now and in the future.
Merck Animal Health
Merck Animal Health is a research-driven company that develops, manufactures and markets a broad range of veterinary medicines and services.
We offer one of the industry’s most innovative portfolios, spanning products for the prevention, treatment and control of disease in all major farm and companion animal species.
Business partnerships and public policies keep our patients in focus
Business development & licensing
We work with partners, from early-stage science to clinical-stage programs, to deliver new therapies to patients.
Policies & positions
We support public policies that advance the interests of patients, improve public health and promote access to medicines and innovation.