To make a difference in the lives of people globally through our innovative medicines, vaccines, and animal health products. We are committed to being the premier, research-intensive biopharmaceutical company and are dedicated to providing leading innovations and solutions for today and the future.
To discover, develop and provide innovative products and services that save and improve lives around the world.
Our values are our core. They guide everything we do, and they serve as the foundation of trust.
Our values & standards represent the very core of our character as a company and guide decisions and actions. These simple but enduring values have earned us the trust and respect of our colleagues, customers and communities.
Ethics and transparency at Merck are cornerstones
of our corporate reputation.
Our values & standards are set forth in
Merck's Code of Conduct.
We are a global healthcare company with a 125-year history of working to make a difference.
Our company is known as Merck in the United States and Canada.
Everywhere else, we are known as MSD.
Kenilworth, N.J., U.S.A. and operates in more than 140 countries
is our legal name and is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol "MRK."
approximately 68,000 worldwide (as of 12/31/16)
2016 R&D EXPENSE
$6.8 billion (excludes restructuring and merger related expenses)
BUSINESSES
Pharmaceuticals, vaccines, and animal health
2016 REVENUE
$39.8 billion
Corporate responsibility is at the heart of our company's mission to discover, develop and provide innovative products and services that save and improve lives. Learn more about how we operate, read our views and positions statements and learn about our progress.
ACCESS TO HEALTH
people reached through our major programs and partnerships
ETHICS AND TRANSPARENCY
employees trained on our Code of Conduct
ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY
gallons of water saved over the past 6 years
EMPLOYEES
executive roles held by women
We believe that no one should go without the medicines or vaccines they need.
Visit MerckHelpsTM to learn more about our Patient Assistance Programs.
Our rich history of discovery and innovation began more than 125 years ago and continues today. Through the years, our researchers have helped to find new ways to treat and prevent illness in people and animals around the world. We've done great things in the past. Today, we're doing great things for the future.
In 2016, Merck celebrated its 125th anniversary as a global health care leader. Learn more about our accomplishments as well as what we're excited about for the years to come.
We are determined to transform breakthrough science into novel therapeutic and vaccine options.
Curiosity, inventiveness and a passion for excellence are what drive our people to discover what's possible.
Our business focuses on innovation and scientific excellence to deliver vaccines, medicines, and animal health products that can help millions around the world.