Corporate responsibility is at the heart of our company's mission to discover, develop and provide innovative products and services that save and improve lives.
It underscores our commitment to developing and rewarding our employees, protecting the environment, and operating with the highest standards of ethics and transparency.
Our corporate responsibility approach is aligned with the company's mission and values. It articulates how we see our responsibilities in the areas of access to health, ethical and transparent business practices, environmentally sustainable operations, scientific advancement, employee wellness, and value creation for our shareholders.VISIT CORPORATE RESPONSIBILITY
We support public policies that advance the interests of patients, improve public health and promote access to medicines and innovation.
Access and Affordability
Access to Investigational Medicines
Innovation
Quality and Safety
Sales and Marketing
Responsible Public Policy and Advocacy
Merck for Mothers, known as MSD for Mothers outside the U.S. and Canada, is our 10-year, $500 million initiative that applies our scientific and business expertise, as well as our financial resources, to help end preventable maternal mortality.
We are working on transformative solutions to strengthen sustainable health systems by focusing on improving access to quality of maternal health care women receive in health facilities at the time of childbirth and improving access to quality modern contraceptives.VISIT MERCK FOR MOTHERS
Copyright. © 2009-2018 Merck Sharp & Dohme Corp., a subsidiary of Merck & Co., Inc. All rights reserved.
This website of Merck & Co., Inc., Kenilworth, NJ, USA (the âcompanyâ) includes âforward-looking statementsâ within the meaning of the safe harbor provisions of the United States Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based upon the current beliefs and expectations of the companyâs management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. There can be no guarantees with respect to pipeline products that the products will receive the necessary regulatory approvals or that they will prove to be commercially successful. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or risks or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those set forth in the forward-looking statements.
Risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, general industry conditions and competition; general economic factors, including interest rate and currency exchange rate fluctuations; the impact of pharmaceutical industry regulation and healthcare legislation in the United States and internationally; global trends toward healthcare cost containment; technological advances, new products and patents attained by competitors; challenges inherent in new product development, including obtaining regulatory approval; the companyâs ability to accurately predict future market conditions; manufacturing difficulties or delays; financial instability of international economies and sovereign risk; dependence on the effectiveness of the companyâs patents and other protections for innovative products; and the exposure to litigation, including patent litigation, and/or regulatory actions.
The company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Additional factors that could cause results to differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements can be found in the companyâs 2015 Annual Report on Form 10-K and the companyâs other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) available at the SECâs Internet site (www.sec.gov).
The information contained in this website was current as of the date presented. The company assumes no duty to update the information to reflect subsequent developments. Consequently, the company will not update the information contained in the website and investors should not rely upon the information as current or accurate after the presentation date.
Merck is known as MSD outside the United States and Canada. Clicking on any of the links below will take you to a website intended for those living outside the United States and Canada.
Algeria – French
Argentina – Spanish
Australia – English
Austria – German
Belgium – Dutch, French, English
Brazil – Portuguese
Bulgaria – Bulgarian
Caribbean – English
Central America – Spanish
Chile – Spanish
China – Simplified Chinese
Colombia – Spanish
Costa Rica – Spanish
Croatia – Croatian
Czech Republic – Czech
Denmark – Danish
Dominican Republic – Dominican
Ecuador – Spanish
Egypt – English
Estonia – Estonian
Finland – Finnish
France – French
Fulford India – English
Germany – German
Greece – Greek
Hong Kong – Chinese, English
Hungary – Hungarian
India – English
Indonesia – English
Ireland – English
Italy – Italian
Japan – Japanese
Latvia – Latvian
Lithuania – Lithuanian
Malaysia – English
Mexico – Spanish
Montenegro – Serbian
Netherlands – Dutch
New Zealand – English
Norway – Norwegian
Peru – Spanish
Philippines – English
Poland – Polish
Portugal – Portuguese
Puerto Rico – Spanish, English
Romania – Romanian, English
Russia – Russian
Saudi Arabia – English
Serbia – Serbian
Singapore – English
Slovakia – Slovak
Slovenia – Slovene
South Africa – English
South Korea – Korean
Spain – Spanish
Sweden – Swedish
Switzerland – English, French, German
Taiwan – Traditional Chinese
Thailand – Thai, English
Turkey – Turkish
Ukraine – Ukrainian
United Kingdom – English
Venezuela – Spanish
Vietnam – Vietnamese