About Us: Company Leadership, History, Jobs, News | NVIDIA
Nvidia - NVIDIA Corp Brochure
Our Body of Work
NVIDIA pioneered accelerated computing to tackle challenges no one else can solve. Our work in AI and the metaverse is transforming the world's largest industries and profoundly impacting society.
Explore
Reinventing Modern Graphics
NVIDIA RTXTM taps into AI and ray tracing to deliver a whole new level of realism in graphics.
Powering the Metaverse
The metaverse—the 3D internet—promises a world where virtual collaboration is effortless and industrial giants can experience the efficiencies of digital twins. NVIDIA OmniverseTM is a tool to build and operate metaverse applications.
Virtual collaboration
Amazon Robotics
PepsiCo/Kinetic Vision
Ericsson
Siemens
AI Avatars
We’re even creating a digital twin of our planet—called Earth-2—to help predict climate change decades in advance.
Turbocharging Science
From astrophysics and genomics to climate science and new energy exploration, researchers across disciplines are using NVIDIA technology to solve the next grand challenge.
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Stanford sets world record for DNA sequencing of human genome.
Your browser does not support the video tag.
Physicists proved Einstein’s theory and won the Nobel prize.
The Engine of AI
We engineer the most advanced chips, systems, and software for the AI factories of the future.
The Engine of AI
We engineer the most advanced chips, systems, and software for the AI factories of the future.
Democratizing the Miracles of AI
We’re delivering AI breakthroughs in a variety of applications to the world’s largest enterprises. Today, more than 35,000 companies are building on the NVIDIA AI platform.
Large Language Models
Recommender Systems
Cybersecurity
Logistics Optimization Planning
Medical Imaging
Speech AI
Video Conferencing
Customer Service
Video Analytics
Everything That Moves Will Be an Autonomous Machine
NVIDIA-powered robots are everywhere, from manufacturing and agriculture to security and home-based healthcare. NVIDIA Isaac is our platform for accelerating and enhancing robotics.
Robotic Systems Lab, ETH Zurich & Swiss-Mile; Festo; Obelix
Driving the Future of Autonomous Vehicles
The NVIDIA DRIVE® platform covers everything from the car to the data center—including life like simulated environments where vehicles can learn, adapt, and evolve. Automakers from Mercedes Benz and Jaguar Land Rover, to Lucid Air and NIO, to Amazon’s Zoox and GM’s Cruise, tap into the power of DRIVE.
Like No Place You’ve Ever Worked
NVIDIA is a learning machine. The mission is boss. Everyone has a voice. And we’ve built a culture where people can do their life's work.
“Nothing makes me prouder than the incredible people who have made NVIDIA the company it is today. Together, we continue to drive advances in AI, HPC, gaming, creative design, autonomous vehicles, and robotics.”
Jensen Huang
Read Our Story
“Nothing makes me prouder than the incredible people who have made NVIDIA the company it is today. Together, we continue to drive advances in AI, HPC, gaming, creative design, autonomous vehicles, and robotics.”
Jensen Huang
Read Our Story
Our History
A timeline of innovation
Full Timeline
30 Years of Fun and Games. And Some Serious Innovation.