Learn what industry analysts are saying about Oracle’s products and services.
Learn how to engage with Oracle and do business with us.
Learn about Oracle’s philanthropic efforts in the areas of sustainability, education, giving, volunteering, and more.
Learn about Oracle’s security policies and practices across the various ways Oracle engages with our customers.
Discover how our customers are delighting their customers with cloud applications and cloud infrastructure.
Learn about our leadership team and Board of Directors.
Learn how Oracle believes that innovation starts with inclusion, and that to create the future we need people with diverse backgrounds to help us get there.
Learn about Oracle investor relations, and find information for stockholders, potential investors, and financial analysts.
Learn about Oracle’s commitment to our community, customers, employees, and partners during the COVID-19 crisis.
Find out about all of our latest earnings customer highlights.
Engineers Larry Ellison, Bob Miner, and Ed Oates found Software Development Laboratories. Their first office is 900-square-feet in Santa Clara, California.
The company changes its name to Oracle Corporation from Relational Software Inc. (formerly SDL).
Oracle becomes a publicly traded company on the NASDAQ exchange. Quotation symbol is ORCL.
Oracle ranked as the world’s largest database management company with US$100M in sales and 4,500 end users in 55 countries.
Oracle debuts on the S&P 500; outgrows old headquarters and moves to its current location in Redwood Shores, California.
There’s lots to celebrate with the release of game-changer Oracle7 database and the company’s 15th anniversary.
CEO Larry Ellison introduces a product strategy for delivering Oracle software via the internet.
InformationWeek names Oracle Database one of the most influential products of the 1990s.
Oracle saves US$1B dollars consolidating its own systems using Oracle E-Business Suite 11i, the first fully integrated enterprise apps suite.
Oracle kicks off a Silicon Valley high-tech acquisition trend by buying a leader in HR and ERP apps.
Oracle turns 30 with revenues of US$18B, 65,000 employees, and 275,000 customers in more than 145 countries.
Marvel Entertainment smashes silos and mines data using Oracle applications.
Oracle acquires Sun Microsystems, cementing its strategy to engineer hardware and software together. Becomes the steward of Java.
Revolutionary multitenant architecture helps deliver a secure and consolidated database cloud.
ORACLE TEAM USA beats challenger Team New Zealand to win the 2013 America’s Cup yacht race, its second consecutive victory.
Safra Catz and Mark Hurd named Oracle CEOs. Founder Larry Ellison becomes chairman of the board and chief technology officer.
Oracle’s startup program promoting tech entrepreneurship launches, grows to nine centers before becoming a global digital program.
The company launches Oracle Autonomous Database, the industry’s first self-patching, self-tuning, self-managing database.
Scientific research center is using 10,000 Oracle Cloud cores to perform physics analysis.
ELEM computes full-heart models of diseased hearts using Oracle's high performance cloud.
Oracle is helping government agencies and the medical community better understand and combat the coronavirus.