|Overview
|Our Team
|The Environment
|Community Impact & Foundation
Living Green at O'Reilly Auto Parts
We LIVE GREEN each day by helping our customers keep their vehicles running as efficiently as possible, improving their gas mileage, and by offering remanufactured parts and recycling options. We also acknowledge the importance of sustainability in our operations, and employ a variety of strategies that reduce our impact on the environment. We are committed to minimizing emissions, reducing our carbon footprint, and ensuring that we are utilizing sustainable practices to achieve our goal of reaching net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.
Operational Sustainability and Energy Conservation
O’Reilly has a long history of working to improve the energy efficiency of its stores, distribution centers, and corporate offices to reduce overall operating costs. These same strategies also reduce the carbon emissions associated with our operations. Energy management systems allow our team to track heating, cooling, and lighting energy usage and adjust building conditions based on occupancy, time of day, weather conditions, and time of year.
O'Reilly is also in the process of converting all corporate, store, and distribution center lighting to LED, which has significant energy savings when compared to traditional lighting. We also utilize light motion sensors, Low-E glass, and higher-efficiency heating and air conditioning units to make our operations more energy-efficient. We are working hard to expand the use of these technologies and explore other abatement measures to reduce our greenhouse gas emissions.
Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Baseline and Targets
In our 2021 Environmental report, O'Reilly announced our goal to achieve net zero emissions by 2050 or sooner, in alignment with the 2015 Paris Agreement's 1.5°C emission-reduction goals. Below, we provide our baseline GHG emissions for the year 2021. Our GHG emissions were calculated in accordance with Greenhouse Gas Protocol, a best practice standard we intend to use to measure against this baseline going forward.
Scope 1
Scope 2
Scope 3
Reduce emissions by 10% per store by 2026 measured against a 2021 baseline.
SCOPE 3
50% of our supplier spend will be with companies that are on a journey to net-zero GHG emissions.
Reduce emissions by 50% by 2035 measured against a 2021 baseline.
SCOPE 3
90% of our supplier spend will be with companies that are on a journey to net-zero GHG emissions.
Reduce emissions by 90% in alignment with the Paris Agreement’s 1.5° goal.
SCOPE 3
Reduce emissions by 90% in alignment with the Paris Agreement’s 1.5° goal.
Beginning with our 2023 ESG report, O'Reilly will reflect and report on our progress in meeting these goals annually.
Store and Distribution Center Recycling
O'Reilly recycles used auto parts and fluids which helps reduce greenhouse gas emissions and protect the environment. This includes requiring core charges for remanufactured parts, as well as encouraging customers to recycle their used motor oil and other fluids with us. We also recycle used car, truck, marine, and motorcycle batteries at no charge. Properly recycling these materials diverts them from landfills and other means of disposal. O'Reilly has developed closed-loop recycling programs in our distribution centers and stores to divert millions of pounds of used auto parts, as well as millions of gallons of automotive fluids, from landfills – ensuring they safely reach facilities that will reprocess and reuse them.
Sustainable Products and Remanufacturing
Remanufacturing is a process based on refurbishing and reusing previously manufactured parts. This involves collecting refundable core charges to encourage return of parts that can be remanufactured, ensuring that reusable and valuable parts are recycled and minimizing waste. The remanufacturing process conserves the energy embodied in a product and, compared to traditional manufacturing, requires minimal additional energy. This energy savings translates into lower carbon dioxide output and overall lower new materials consumption.
Every year, O'Reilly Auto Parts returns millions of auto parts to suppliers for remanufacturing purposes. We, in turn, sell millions of remanufactured auto parts every year, completing this sustainable auto parts reuse cycle. O'Reilly will continue to work with suppliers to estimate avoided greenhouse gas emissions achieved by remanufacturing auto parts when compared to manufacturing comparable parts from new materials.
Part Cores Returned for Remanufacturing:
Recycling Efforts:
Automotive Batteries
Used Oil Filters
Gallons of Used Oil
Renewable Energy Investments
O'Reilly believes that investing in renewable energy continues to be in the best interest of the Company, our country, and our planet – with benefits ranging from the creation of new green jobs to reducing our impact on the environment. Over the years, O'Reilly has made significant investments in solar and wind farms. These investments generate clean energy for the communities they serve. Since 2018, the Company has invested more than $560 million in renewable energy projects, with over $180 million of those investments occurring in 2022.
Turbines
Solar Farms
Download Our Annual Environmental, Social, and Governance Report
Since our inaugural 2018 Sustainability, Social, and Governance Report, we have continued to engage with our stakeholders, solicit feedback, establish new priorities, increase transparency, and improve disclosures. While we are pleased with the progress we have made, we understand there is more work to be done, and we remain committed to continual improvement. We will update this report annually to keep our customers, shareholders, and team members aware of our ongoing efforts.