Every one of our more than 83,000 team members play a very important role in our ability to provide excellent customer service and consistent, successful performance. In addition to creating an inclusive workplace where team members can grow, our company appreciates the value of a tenured team and has long maintained a “promote from within” philosophy. As management opportunities arise, we look first within the Company and promote those who have performed well, have the right expertise, and have shown leadership potential before looking outside the Company. This practice results in increased team member commitment and has enabled us to build and maintain a very experienced leadership team.
O'Reilly Auto Parts' Community and Environmental Journey
The History of O’Reilly Auto Parts
O'Reilly Auto Parts was founded in 1957 by Charles F. O'Reilly and his son, Charles H. "Chub" O'Reilly, and initially operated from a single store in Springfield, Missouri. We opened for business on December 2, 1957, with one store and 13 employees at 403 Sherman Avenue in Springfield. Due to the hard work and commitment of the original employees, the business grew and prospered from its very first year. By 1961, O'Reilly Automotive and Ozark Automotive Distributors were formed to serve independent automotive jobbers in the area. In March of 1975, a 52,000 square-foot facility at 233 South Patterson Avenue was built for the O'Reilly and Ozark warehouse operation. By that time, the Company had nine stores located throughout southwest Missouri.
The long-term plans and stability of the Company were solidified by a public offering of company stock in April 1993. Since that time, O'Reilly Auto Parts has grown by opening new stores, as well as through numerous mergers and acquisitions, and currently operates stores in 47 U.S. states, Mexico, and Puerto Rico.
1957 - O'Reilly Automotive Opens
1975 - First Distribution Center & Corporate Office Opens
2017 - O'Reilly Celebrates 5,000 Stores, 60 Years
Today, O'Reilly Auto Parts is one of the largest specialty retailers of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment, and accessories in the United States. We provide automotive products to both do-it-yourself (DIY) and professional service provider customers to ensure continued growth, service, and success in all of our markets.
We are Professional Parts People
From the beginning, the O’Reilly Culture has been the foundation for the way we approach every facet of our business – from our relationships with our team members, customers, business partners, and the communities where we live, work, and serve, to our ongoing engagement with our shareholders. We LIVE GREEN by subscribing to the O’Reilly culture values and instilling these principles in our team members every day. These core culture values and supportive behaviors have paved the way for our past growth and will provide the foundation for a bright, successful future.
• Homelessness
• At-Risk Children
• Cancer Research
• Humane Societies
• Hunger
• Literacy
• Veteran Support
• Victims of Domestic Abuse
In 2020, we established the O'Reilly Automotive Foundation. The mission of the Foundation is to support organizations that provide human services to at-risk individuals and families, specifically, those addressing hunger, homelessness, health (including mental and behavioral health, and access to basic needs such as dental care), poverty, domestic violence, literacy (in particular, but not limited to, children’s literacy), and child development/child advocacy. All grant applications are evaluated to ensure the projects will advance our core value of serving and improving communities, demonstrate innovative approaches to addressing a defined social issue, and create opportunities to reach targeted audiences. You can learn more about the O’Reilly Automotive Foundation with our online Foundation resources.
Governance and Business Conduct
We value and appreciate our relationship with our stakeholders and maintain frequent engagement with them every year. We engage with our stakeholders hundreds of times annually, covering a diverse range of issues from informational and financial updates to sustainability and governance-related items. Feedback from our stakeholders has aided us in framing governance policies that are best-in-class, and helped us maintain consistency with SEC regulations and NASDAQ listing requirements.
The Governance-Nominating Committee of O’Reilly’s Board of Directors maintains responsibility for governance as a part of its Committee Charter. In 2018, at the committee’s direction, the Company established an Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Steering Committee to oversee the Company’s ESG reporting and operational strategies, including the production of the Company’s annual ESG Report, setting ESG targets, and establishing a road map for future operational ESG improvements. The committee is composed of selected members of the Company's executive team and provides updates to the Governance-Nominating Committee at quarterly Board of Director meetings and during interim periods as necessary.
O'Reilly Auto Parts' Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is our statement of expectations regarding the ethical standards each director, officer, and team member should adhere to when acting on behalf of O'Reilly. The Code contains compliance standards and procedures to facilitate effectiveness and to ensure a prompt and consistent response to any violation. The Code is not only mandatory reading and must be acknowledged annually by members of corporate management, but is also used when building agreements with our product suppliers to ensure they take no action in their business dealings with O'Reilly that violates the code. Further, the Company supports efforts to eradicate slavery and human trafficking in supply chains. Our suppliers acknowledge there is no slavery or human trafficking involved with the products they supply to O'Reilly.
Learn more about the O'Reilly Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.
Environmental Sustainability
O'Reilly understands the importance of a sustainable climate, and strives to prioritize a continual assessment of how actions in our day-to-day operations and investments impact the environment. As a retailer in the automotive aftermarket, we LIVE GREEN each day by helping our customers keep their vehicles running as efficiently as possible, improve fuel efficiency and extend the life of their vehicles, as well as providing recycling and remanufacturing opportunities. We are committed to minimizing emissions, reducing our carbon footprint, and ensuring that we are utilizing sustainable practices to achieve our goal of reaching net-zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050.
Living Green at O’Reilly Auto Parts
In addition to assisting our customers in extending the life of their vehicles, we are also actively changing the way in which we operate to ensure a consistent reduction in emissions and that we are limiting energy use where possible. This includes upgrading our fleet vehicles and utilizing onboard monitoring devices to provide opportunities for reduction in fuel use, the addition of modern energy-efficient HVAC and lighting technology in our corporate, distribution center, and store locations, as well as investing in renewable energy. You can learn more about our environmental efforts on our Environmental Strategy page.
Download Our Annual Environmental, Social, and Governance Report
Since our inaugural 2018 Sustainability, Social, and Governance Report, we have continued to engage with our stakeholders, solicit feedback, establish new priorities, increase transparency, and improve disclosures. While we are pleased with the improvements we have made, we understand there is more work to be done, and we remain committed to continual improvement. We will update this report annually to keep our customers, shareholders, and team members aware of our ongoing efforts.