Oscar Brown is Senior Vice President of Strategy, Business Development and Integrated Supply for Occidental. In this role, he is responsible for the company's global business development functions and supports its growth path by advising and executing on new business models, commercial strategies and acquisition and divestiture opportunities. Mr. Brown also oversees global supply chain including vendor relationships, service and equipment delivery, inventory management and SAP integration.
Mr. Brown joined Occidental in 2016 from Bank of America Merrill Lynch, where he most recently served as managing director and co-head of Americas Energy Investment Banking. Previously, he worked at Barclays Capital, Lehman Brothers and Credit Suisse First Boston. He has more than 25 years of energy banking experience in 25 countries, advising on $200 billion of M&A, joint venture, IPO, convertible, commodities and debt transactions for exploration and production, integrated oil, chemical, midstream and oil field service companies.
During his investment banking career, Mr. Brown advised on many notable transactions in the energy industry, including Halliburton's proposed acquisition of Baker Hughes, the spin-off of California Resources from Occidental and related financings, Ecolab's acquisition of Champion Technologies, the sale of NATCO to Cameron, the leveraged buyout of Dresser, GlobalSantaFe's merger with Transocean, the activist defense of Kerr-McGee and its subsequent sale to Anadarko, and Western Atlas' spin-off from Unova, as well as its subsequent merger with Baker Hughes.
Mr. Brown serves as Occidental's designated representative on the Board of Directors of Plains All-American Pipeline's governing entity, PAA GP Holdings LLC (NYSE: PAA and PAGP). He also serves on the board and executive committee of Houston's Alley Theatre, and is a past director of Junior Achievement of Southeast Texas and The Children's Fund. A graduate of the University of Texas at Austin, he holds a Bachelor of Business Administration in Finance and Marketing.
Back to
Management