The Energy Research & Innovation organization operates in Bartlesville, Oklahoma at the 440-acre Phillips 66 Research Center.
Researchers hailing from around the world work diligently to advance the cutting-edge science that is critical for enhancing company sustainability, developing the technologies of the future and supporting existing operations.
Solid Oxide Fuel Cells
A solid oxide fuel cell (SOFC) is a ceramic device that directly converts chemical energy from fuel gases, such as natural gas, into electricity at very high efficiencies with low emissions. Our SOFCs provide low-cost, clean and reliable power solutions for different applications: portable or stationary, distributed or centralized, electricity or combined heat and power (CHP).
Organic Photovoltaics
The organic photovoltaics (OPV) program at Phillips 66 develops the next generation of solar cell technology. Phillips 66 broke the OPV world record for converting light to electricity three times: in 2012, 2016 and 2017. Now, our scientists are working to further improve the power density, lifetime, cost and scalability of the Phillips 66 ShieldPowerTM brand of OPV materials.
Batteries
The battery industry is growing in leaps and bounds. Phillips 66’s efforts to develop high-performing battery materials from low-value refinery streams are providing solutions for the electrification revolution. Our research program improves the cost and performance of today’s lithium-ion batteries and develops materials for next generation batteries to provide higher capacity, long cycle life, and reliable sourcing of lower cost materials.
Environmental Stewardship
Air quality issues are complex, but understanding the sources, dispersion, and reactions of emissions is critical for environmental stewardship. Our Air Research Team works to advance the fundamental understanding of atmospheric science and emissions at Phillips 66. The findings lead to better operations and improvements in the air quality in communities where we work.
Phillips 66 has a rich history of developing patented technologies to produce renewable fuels from materials such as fats and oils, carbohydrates, and cellulosic biomass. As the transportation energy market evolves, we are exploring, developing, and advancing new opportunities in sustainable fuels. This research has included drop-in liquid fuels from solid biomass or solid waste streams, renewable hydrogen and alternative high-octane fuel blend stocks.
Water is an important resource both for our businesses and for the communities where we live and work. The Water Research Team works to develop technologies and strategies to ensure water resource sustainability. For example, our microbiology lab uses state-of-the-art technology to study microorganisms and enhance their performance in wastewater treatment plants, improving the quality of water discharged from facilities.
Phillips 66 has developed sorbent-based technology as a very cost-effective solution for refineries to meet regulatory limits on discharge of selenium, a byproduct of the refining process. Our SeRT® technology offers a simple, low-cost process that looks and runs like many other refinery processes and is not manpower intensive. Phillips 66 offers consulting services in selenium separation and licensing of technology for selenium removal.
Lubricants
The Lubricants R&D team conducts fundamental research, market-driven product development and product stewardship to meet the latest performance demands in transportation and industrial lubricants. The team completes more than 500 lab and pilot blends and 20,000 performance tests per year in a state-of-the-art, internationally accredited facility. Our technicians and scientists work to ensure Phillips 66 lubricants products exceed the expectations of our customers.
Process Modeling
Phillips 66 puts the knowledge of process experts into the hands of decision-makers at its facilities by deploying engineering models and user-friendly conceptual tools. These models and tools are used to plan, optimize and control complex refinery operations. They give operations staff instant feedback and equip them to run scenarios and optimize refinery processes.
Environmental Forensics
Phillips 66 is committed to operating safely, sustainably, and in an environmentally friendly manner. In an unlikely event that hydrocarbons are detected in the environment, we are committed to responding as quickly, accurately and comprehensively as possible; it’s part of our commitment to care for the environment. Determining the composition, age and potential source of hydrocarbon materials detected helps us respond rapidly and appropriately to any potential situation.
Metallurgical Analysis
The Metallurgical Analysis Team supports operating excellence by evaluating the integrity of process equipment and pipelines used in our Refining and Midstream operations. Using advanced instrumentation and decades of experience, the team determines corrosion and material degradation mechanisms in process units and evaluates complex welding issues. These analyses ensure asset integrity, keeping hydrocarbons safely inside pipelines and process equipment where they belong.
Refining Process Support
Determining catalyst performance can be a challenging problem but is needed to efficiently produce clean transportation fuels. Using internally developed testing techniques, our researchers identify catalysts that optimize the performance of refinery units, such as the fluid catalytic cracker, hydrocracker, hydrotreater, or naphtha reformer. Their work ensures that refineries select catalysts that are best suited for optimal operations.
Analytical Forensics
Refineries are complex facilities that operate continuously. These continuous operations are challenging when processing a variety of crude oils and other feedstocks. The Analytical Forensics Team leverages a variety of analytical techniques to provide chemical insights related to feedstocks, intermediates and products to address operational problems. When problems occur, the team provides actionable recommendations to ensure a quick return to safe operations and prevent the problem from recurring.