Chief Executive Officer
Olivier Le Peuch is chief executive officer of SLB, a position he has held since August 2019. Previously, he served as the company’s chief operating officer and held various global management roles, including executive vice president of Reservoir & Infrastructure; president of the Cameron Group; president of Schlumberger Completions; vice president of Engineering, Manufacturing, and Sustaining; and president of Software Integrated Solutions.
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Stephane Biguet is executive vice president and chief financial officer. Prior to taking on this role in January 2020, he served as the company’s vice president of finance. Stephane previously held the positions of vice president treasurer, controller and vice president Global Shared Services.
Chief Legal Officer
Dianne Ralston has held the position of chief legal officer since December 2020. Before assuming the role, she was executive vice president, chief legal officer, and secretary of TechnipFMC since the company’s formation in 2017. Dianne was the executive vice president, chief legal officer, and secretary of FMC Technologies from 2015 to 2017.
Executive Vice President – Geographies
Khaled Al Mogharbel is executive vice president of Geographies, a role he began in July 2020. Prior to this, he held various management positions, including executive vice president of operations, president of the eastern hemisphere (from June 2017 to March 2019), president of the Drilling Group, president of Schlumberger Middle East, and vice president and managing director for Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, and Bahrain.
Chief People Officer
Carmen Rando Bejar is chief people officer, a position she has held since April 2022. Prior to this role, she held various headquarter and senior management positions in drilling and measurements across North and South America and the Middle East. These roles spanned line management, operations integrity, and global operations resource planning.
Chief Technology Officer
Demosthenis Pafitis is Chief Technology Officer, a position he assumed in February 2020. Pafitis is responsible for Schlumberger New Technology Development, Digital Technology Development and Manufacturing. Prior to his current appointment, Pafitis served as senior vice president of Schlumberger 4.0 Platforms.
Executive Vice President Core Services & Equipment
Abdellah Merad is executive vice president Core Services & Equipment, a role he has held since April 2022. Prior to this, he was executive vice president Performance Management. His previous positions include president of NAL Production, president of the Production Group, vice president controller of Operations, vice president of the Shared Services Organization, and GeoMarket manager for North Africa.
Chief Strategy and Sustainability Officer
Dr. Katharina Beumelburg has held the position of chief strategy and sustainability officer since May 2021. Prior to her current position, she led the global Transmission Services business for Siemens Energy AG. Katharina held various positions in Siemens for more than 16 years, including executive vice president, strategy, Siemens Gas and Power; and leading the Siemens Hydrogen Solutions business.
President Schlumberger New Energy
Gavin Rennick has served as president of the SLB New Energy group since April 2022. Prior to his current role, Gavin was vice president of Human Resources. He previously served as president of Software Integrated Solutions and held various corporate and operations management roles, including integration manager for the Cameron International merger; vice president Drilling Products; geomarket manager for Australia, New Zealand, and Papua New Guinea; and human resources manager for Drilling & Measurements.
President – Digital & Integration
Rajeev Sonthalia has served as president, Digital & Integration since July 2020. Prior to this role, Rajeev held various management positions, including the president of Integrated Performance Management, head of Marketing & Corporate Strategy, vice president of Reservoir Characterization in the Eastern Hemisphere, president of Integrated Drilling Services, president of Production Management, and president of Asia Pacific.