The TJX Companies, Inc., a Fortune 100 company, is the leading off-price retailer of apparel and home fashions in the U.S. and worldwide. Our mission is to deliver great value to customers every day. We do this by offering a rapidly changing assortment of quality, fashionable, brand name, and designer merchandise at prices generally 20% to 60% below full-price retailers’ regular prices on comparable merchandise. We operate over 4,900 stores across nine countries, including TJ Maxx, Marshalls, HomeGoods, Homesense, and Sierra, in the U.S.; Winners, HomeSense, and Marshalls in Canada; TK Maxx and Homesense in Europe, and TK Maxx in Australia. We also operate e-commerce sites for TJ Maxx, Marshalls, and Sierra in the U.S. and three sites for TK Maxx in Europe. Our value mission extends to our corporate responsibility efforts, which are focused on supporting our Associates, giving back in the communities we serve, the environment, and operating ethically.
Our mission is to deliver great value to our customers every day. We do this by offering a rapidly changing assortment of quality, fashionable, brand name, and designer merchandise at prices generally 20% to 60% below full-price retailers’ (including department, specialty, and major online retailers) regular prices on comparable merchandise, every day.
Over the course of our history, our strong financial results and cash flow generation have allowed us to simultaneously invest in the growth of the business and return significant value to our shareholders.Learn more
We believe that we operate one of the most flexible business models in the world. Our inventories turn rapidly, which gives us flexibility to adjust our merchandise assortments more frequently than traditional retailers.Learn More
With stores and offices around the world, there is a breadth of opportunities at TJX to discover a career in retail.Learn More
Corporate Responsibility is an important part of how we conduct our business.Learn More
The TJX Companies, Inc. trades on the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) under
the symbol TJX.
1As of February 3, 2024, which was the end of the Company's fiscal year.
Updated May 2024