Exxon Mobil Corporation
Boosting broadband in the Land of Enchantment
Announcement highlights the benefit to local communities of energy production
Exxon Mobil Corporation
Announcement highlights the benefit to local communities of energy production
Energy and environment
Explore how we are positioned to address the risks related to climate change while meeting the growing energy demand of a more prosperous world.
Newsroom
ExxonMobil increases recoverable resource estimate, makes 16th Stabroek discovery
Newsroom
Research to focus on biofuels, gas conversion and emissions reduction
Affordable and sustainable energy solutions are required to advance global prosperity. We invest in technology and communities to bring the world better energy.
We work to make energy more affordable so more people can benefit from it.Learn more
From longer-lasting fuels to less intensive operations, we work to make energy work harder.Learn more
We work with local communities to support long-term economic growth.Learn more
Reducing our impact is a key component of our approach to advancing energy technology.Learn more
New ExxonMobil projects create jobs in a variety of fields, in the U.S. and abroad.Learn more
Our efforts to respect human rights are rooted in a commitment to manage our social and environmental impacts.Learn more
Key topics
At ExxonMobil’s research facility in Clinton, New Jersey, scientists and engineers develop breakthrough technologies, collaborating with universities, national labs and companies across the globe to solve the dual energy challenge — to provide energy to a growing global population while reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Energy tech centers Article • Nov. 14, 2018
R&D has been part of ExxonMobil’s DNA since our company began more than 135 years ago. Our innovations have helped provide the energy fundamental to modern life – from the clean, efficient fuels that power today’s transportation to the natural gas that provides light and heat to homes and businesses.
Today, our world faces a dual challenge: meeting growing demand for energy while also reducing environmental impacts, including the risks of climate change. ExxonMobil is committed to doing our part.
Research and innovation Article • July 15, 2019
ExxonMobil has a proven record of successfully meeting society‘s evolving demand for energy. With longstanding investments in technology coupled with the ingenuity of our people, we are well positioned to continue to responsibly meet the demands of a more prosperous world while managing environmental impacts.
Energy and environment Topic
At a research farm nestled in Southern California’s Imperial County, Synthetic Genomics and ExxonMobil are cultivating acres of energy-rich algae. Their goal: Have the technical ability to produce 10,000 barrels a day of low-emission algae biofuel.
Advanced biofuels Energy Factor • Dec. 4, 2018
ExxonMobil has worked with dozens of leading universities and academic research institutions around the world as part of our commitment to finding meaningful and scalable solutions to meet global energy demand and reduce emissions.
Research partners Article • Sept. 18, 2018
For more than 30 years, ExxonMobil engineers and scientists have researched, developed and applied technologies that could play a role in the widespread deployment of carbon capture and storage.
Carbon capture Article • Nov. 15, 2018
Trending
$53.19
$-1.01 (-1.86%)
2:24pm ET • Feb. 26, 2020