Newsroom
New Mexico's Permian bonanza
Study shows Land of Enchantment to see $64 billion in benefits from ExxonMobil investment
newsroom
Partnering with DOE’s national laboratories
ExxonMobil to invest up to $100 million over 10 years with NREL and NETL
$2 billion Baytown expansion further Grows the Gulf, creates jobs
Study shows ExxonMobil contributes $40+ billion to U.S. economy annually
2019 Annual Meeting
New Mexico's Permian bonanza
Partnering with DOE’s national laboratories
$2 billion Baytown expansion further Grows the Gulf, creates jobs
Our commitment
Affordable and sustainable energy solutions are required to advance global prosperity. We invest in technology and communities to bring the world better energy.
Improving energy access
We work to make energy more affordable so more people can benefit from it.Learn more
Improving efficiency
From longer-lasting fuels to less intensive operations, we work to make energy work harder.Learn more
Sustainability
We work with local communities to support long-term economic growth.Learn more
Mitigating emissions
Reducing our impact is a key component of our approach to advancing energy technology.Learn more
Job creation
New ExxonMobil projects create jobs in a variety of fields, in the U.S. and abroad.Learn more
Outreach
Our efforts to respect human rights are rooted in a commitment to manage our social and environmental impacts.Learn more
Key topics
Delivering the future of energy in Clinton
At ExxonMobil’s research facility in Clinton, New Jersey, scientists and engineers develop breakthrough technologies, collaborating with universities, national labs and companies across the globe to solve the dual energy challenge — to provide energy to a growing global population while reducing greenhouse gas emissions.
Energy tech centers Article • Nov. 14, 2018
Innovating energy solutions: Research and development highlights
ExxonMobil has remained a leader in energy technology throughout its 135-year history. With a commitment to fundamental science and innovation unmatched in our industry, we invest about $1 billion a year in research and development.
Research and innovation Article • Oct. 10, 2018
2018 Outlook for Energy: A View to 2040
Each year, ExxonMobil analyzes and updates its long-term view on energy supply and demand. Why is this important? Simply because energy is fundamental to modern life.
Outlook for Energy Report • Feb. 2, 2018
Sunrise to sunset: 24 hours at an algae farm
At a research farm nestled in Southern California’s Imperial County, Synthetic Genomics and ExxonMobil are cultivating acres of energy-rich algae. Their goal: Have the technical ability to produce 10,000 barrels a day of low-emission algae biofuel.
Advanced biofuels Energy Factor • Dec. 4, 2018
Collaborating with leading universities to meet global energy demand
ExxonMobil has worked with dozens of leading universities and academic research institutions around the world as part of our commitment to finding meaningful and scalable solutions to meet global energy demand and reduce emissions.
Research partners Article • Sept. 18, 2018
Cleaner power: reducing emissions with carbon capture and storage
For more than 30 years, ExxonMobil engineers and scientists have researched, developed and applied technologies that could play a role in the widespread deployment of carbon capture and storage.
Carbon capture Article • Nov. 15, 2018
Trending
@ExxonMobil • May 29, 2019
@ExxonMobil • May 28, 2019
Energy Factor • May 28, 2019
Blog • May 17, 2019
Newsroom News • May 17, 2019
Working on tomorrow’s biofuel
Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM)
$72.61
$-1.49 (0.00%)
4:01pm ET • May 28, 2019